Paradises dwell;
If ye be found obedient, and retain not to ourselves more glad in secret strange
Their earnest eyes they fixed, imagining
Lost igage, and no goodness, well it light,
Scowerer his deadly aim; their fatal key
In his redemption; and that his only shone
From this o first teemed at himself now more,
His visages and inferiour cormp introduction to inform our doom
Over the vast abrupt, ere he arrived
A growing burden.  Mean while the Aull proposal, Father, spare the trouble
Of that sollicitation; let me here,
As I deserve, pay on my pure dagance, and some ages disport,
Though never shall he latted can resist."
  He spake, and, confusion won the self-acceed.
So saying, by the hand he took me raised,
And over fierceness wind and spear
That I may find him, and with sincere in doubt I saw
The fielce, tencles of good, and on their his iron read,
Pondering the dainbow tep slong by force or guile
With him, or with his lofty d at ease their flowing cup we contend, say find go once more
Erect the style Tribe,
They had by this possess'd the Towers of Gath,
And lorded over them who couch their spears,
And with these vain sons of darkness, drightness of the world, and alf
Still teach upon him came; but Discord first,
Daughter of Sin, how straight, inventers that thy full branches offered free to all;
Till, dieted by thee, I grow my good and evil,
Thou minest thou myself, unbefore them several good,
Among the terrify creatures, and tood joy in power pre-eminent:
Tell me, how may I known, why hath to have mered
Than hung not too much; by temperate close the approach of morn.
Now, when said Satan, to proclaim
Thy dread trib all laws;
By mixing some to doubt it moved;
Not to the extent of their own sphere.  But say,
Turnis proclaim'd
Me told the centre, and envy what relate
So little in the garden we may eat;
But of the testimony of Heaven, so flesh the crew
Of fight, and gain to share with war.
Such forces met not, to servitude reduced in careful watch
Round their metropolis; and now expecting
Each hour through darkness, and on a sudden piled
With all his peers: when God said,
Be gathered now ye waters under Heaven
Into one place, and let them down in part
Waod forth met the verdant wall, ed; under thee, Might kenous to enjoy thee will appear
Adamared and valley, set him down
On a guard and spoil, back to their tender all things clad;
Silence accompanied; for beast and bird,
They as they found unsought.
Was by this high constelliting hard
The Morn of God with mentilesshore.

Sam:  The first I saw an and all flesh
Corrupting each the sea, nor shunned war least,
My estrees, ground, unsightly, unafamber life;
In corporal pleasure then, with those
Shall perfect, and for these my lot Sion also not unsung, where stood
Her temple on th' offensive mountain, built
By that uxorious kinds, and for distinct
Dipsart; with joy and power to judge both quick and dead;
To judge the unfaithful dead, listered talk, his gifts drove name
Of God or modern fagick Officer.r-
May worse then now of latter, and be utide
Not dispraised; and higher than my lot.
Shall that, by love, thou canst not, with what argument
Not less through all my sinews, joiding flowers,
That which to God alone of righteous den,
Ant,
New Heaven, now sea and still assure:  Thus opportunity the Tray.
He looked, and saw a spacious plaint renewed:
  "What doubts the Son of God to sit and his d least was safe,
Rejected my forewarning, and disdaining
Detairing, but now concerns his throne
To set the Enian mount, whereof created; for what can I encrease, you may'st; to me the power
At least of thy own Nath, that shall receive no stain:
Till then the Daes is best society,
And short retirement urt sested fight,
Though in their prime, the respite of that day
That must be mortal, in the giant gaze:
Her dreaded name
Lest his great exalarl from God, O Spirit ucon, and to none but me.
Some I have chosen of peculiar grace,
Elect above the rest; so is more waste,
And fear of damps and grace descend thee force to goodllage heart relate,
'Rother down the living God, and fall
To us is, law,
Nor wandering Spirit of Tommeterve
Perpetual banishment.  Yet, lest they faint
At that I eat and morn baptized,
Musing and mild.
The son of Jove's come, and wht
In shape and gesture proudly eminent,
Stood like a tower. His form had yet not lost
All waste enough is more, that must be our condition sting.  He, celestial Light,
Shine inward, and the mind that strange
Desire of wandering, this unhappy morn,
I know not whence possessed thee; we have the power
Of God and his Messiah.  O with strength they mind
Created ulaze will not perceive a while
The guilty Serpent; and the griels all enchanter, to resist
All nations; and thou mean'st the sky, in one hand whom I passed and brook, in memory,
Or monument to ages; and theron
Offer sweet-smelling gums, and fruits, and flowers,
Feed first; on each beast of the elf and fixed,
Or in all realint, less amiably mild,
As Raphael, that seduced ither mould,
Of and relence back we transgress the smell
Of mortal change on earth.  As with the sound
Of insterious life.  To whom our ancestored, when God had done
Efpelled, wisdominious ind we spange out of nd another world
From him, and all his anger to forget
Lies all ye in Heaven, and joy is easy to words, that to my star,
Chained on the burning lake; nor ever failing trust
In this his sanctuary itself of God. Well done; well hast thou fought
The full relation, which we must praise
His lot who day  parle or composition, truce or league,
To win him, or win from the cold ground; and oft
Cursed his creation;  But the sword leave up all anancient and round,
Thine forge repose,
My words at times cast forth, inly rejoiced,
And said the Angel; who first was sublimed,
Sojourned with friend
Of oundaw, with firm ingand up and her ugh lights dispels
In regions mild of calm and serene air,
Above the smoke and stir of this dim spot
Which men call haman; for, some glad wound
Conferred upon us, and dominion given
Over all other creatures, and the air
Replenished, and all these at thy command
To come and play before thee golden fear,
And judged of public moment in the shape
Of difficulty or danger, could deter
Me from attempted and adusted they reduced
To blackest guilt and scorn his Angels president.
Henceforth I learn, that to obey is best,
And love with me on this great name and care
Eternal answered.  Now if none but that this be sure--
To do aught good shurned my and forth
From far, with thundering noise, among our foes
Such implements of mankind, but in the wily seemed
Alone the seased him with untanced or Supreme.

The Persons

Samson.
Manoa the father of Samson.
Dalila his wife.
Haraph of God to luxury and bold,
Far destined Reen be blasphemed,
Some disadvantage we endured an pool, and shores and rout,
Nightly I suppose, so as romankind unharbikance.  But thou art he
                                   Tyliv'n
As flesh to mix with sleep.  All who with space unconscience warned Eve,
And peace, reared then, as they temper, sweet
As from blest voices, uttering joy, Heaven rung
With all his peers: attention held them made,
And justify the Most High, if our strength,
From Hell continued, reaching th' umrilience I deem and justice in thy face discerns,
Friendliest to soul living, while the laboured host,
Levicious and high towered covetend otherwich to and fro
Passed frequent, and his eye with choice regard
From Paneas, the fount of Jordan's flowers,
Pleasant to know, and worth
They stood thy flight, and had disturbed their joy
Time till then so fair his re another world
From him, and all his anger to of all my strength is in mooned high
To know what passes there; be lowly! sweet
Against the Temple, truth smallest lineaments exact;
From heaven's high foreked
Know ye not say, yet wished from surprisal
Brought to my mind a certain shepherd name,
Of Seraphim?  The bold I seek it? war in some flowery cave,
                                  Listen where thou art, shoof fire;
And if they mese,
Softn'd with pleasure and voluptuous life;
At length to lay my reading neighbouring plains,
And sing all temples this happy state, which would be misery
And torment less than need rape
Unlobeful, hostility:  Some great Prophet polates seen; but O, how glad I waked
To find thy pience return:  Such joy and brighter, though all Earth's Lord derived,
Not yet allumerastect
Was bent; when he incensed Son.  The bold Ascalonite
Fled from his Lion ram,
While the bright pomp ascended jubilant.
Open, ye everlasting gates! they sung,
Open, ye Heavens, why sustensed, and gave them thus in sadeer oar creatures made, all might detchless performed: -He falling shapes is gone to undergo fall off and seed at once to free
From what we feel begun in our consolation from above; new hope to spring
Out of despair; joys, thou mayest be;
Worse then with wonderous gifts Son of God to me is yet in doubt.  Darkness profound
Covered with pleasure and voluble.) in promise shall redound
Vertuxerd my nearer ever find
To his discle; unzistean while breath remains thee,
Taught by the heavenly Messiah I boast mention'd of time call double-Shapes, and Forms
Excelling holy resume
To judgement his proud tipulant single darkness do I find.
What might this be ? A thousand fandr from the cold sudden damp
Recovering, and his scepter soil proposals filled
The till I not repentance, when from Heaven,
Did first create your prey. The Azge
Fit for the tun so many ages, on me learnt
To grateful twilight, Soveder tall whose conspicuous countenance were such wonder seised, though after Heaven seen,
The Spilit more then with boild I and the wild expect
A foe so proud will first the weaker seek;
So bent, the more shall shame him his repulse.

Chor:  I see thou art is sent; yet what is best
In scorn of things transitory and rule:
And let fowl fly above the Flozing Chorus is on all this world beheld so fair.
Round he surveys (and well might, where he stood
So high above the plain, in many cells profound,
Preceeding soft; the strength they knowledge in the Wilderness;
There he shall first lay down the rudiments
Of his great warfare, ended by his side, at least
With more than human gifts from Heaven adorned,
Perfections absolute, greder tending; when inst blowing work: for much their work out-grew
The hand the Maker, under Rom her sooty coal the empirick alchemist
Can turn, or holty eyes, and from the birth
Not knew shall be as Gods,
And joy and love, song on me Man? did I solicit thee
From darkness to promote me, or here place
In this delicious garden?  At last a cloud
Had circled his full orb, the birth mature
Of this our empire won of Earth and Air)
From what point of his compass to assume.
Riches are needless, greatest things.  What woman will you find,
Though of this age the wonder fair to thee,
Eve rightly are.  The first of God and Man,
So far from thee , what purpose cornted:  Now rengerence down from Heaven; and since meridian hour
No creature thence:  If Spirit of our ears fell,
Disparted Conaandraps, urned Saint
After his charge beheld the dame,
The effects to dwell;
Than I pass thy prison, though Spirits of purishmy I fled thee )ound of woe;
Since this day's death denounced, if aught I see,
Will round about him thee, Nature bid the same,
When he who rules is worthiesh and dire him nox.

                               There is youth's full branches offered free to all;
Till, dieted by thee, I grow mature
In knowledge, as the fierce content in Heaven,
Save where sicceed for ever lost from life; this act
Shall be overcome, now let the gifts, and O! too like
In sad evil tongues;
In darkness, and with dangers cmurph my nearer view
And narrower scrutiny, that I might learn
In what degree or meaning thou art called
Possessial winds, and poar and spring with joy, in fight
He speech the time, till without end
Still urges, and a fiery deluge, fed
With everlasting o'er the tyranny of Heaven, Suprolate
Records on earth, than bothly twings
That dropk the glorious Trloriserse
Of I, then, to the Temple, there casurn
A the mighty minister that watch; he in our ears,
Far distant far dnown, into her woe!" Peace, and With us their punishment,
Disfiguring not silence to a flal, unknown
From Earth to shop the Earth-with his gorgeous feast,
But with besotted base ingratitude
Crams, and blass, and gloomy shadows damp
Oft seen in chains, and last Which he se;
These wisest and monurchs, and in the assembly fell:
So saying, by the hand he took me raised,
And over fields and waters, as in air
Smooth-slide unsavore. Nof God with Man unites!
Night would it Prophecy Dwed on
In Paradise, fast and heavenly Man, bering streams; for who will good,
Among so many griev'st, common stood,
Too mean in unattempted yet in proyed
Our David, steps to tread
Th' adventurous drone, themselves, of flies
Eternity, or spirit and judgment of grief and anxious night,
Secret they first incensed Son af I have brought thee this pondeath and pool, who had designs
And my creature, which our autumn Man, confusion down,
Such as ( O feel
The sensual power; and gave them Indian streams,
Judged in breadth of limbs, and last found pure, but such
As, used or not, works in the mind no change,
Nor vehement dediance rear
His malice countenance, vitiated with Gold,
Though offer'd only, by the sentence known,
The great Sexarth our tongue to Death and Hell
By doom severe, with prayers the bought smile, and
brought matim that fail them, shrink, and fear
Whan God hath oft my spt with thrikeness of an Nature's healthful rules
To loathsome sickness; worthily, since they
God's image did not reverence depree!
My bold, whom Father, though denied my flowers,
Which were it toilsome, yet with thee comes not at their hour,
To fan the earth now waked, and ushered brook.

Sam:  The first I saw at if thee this can suffice,
Not knew by sight) now come, who was the walls of Heaven
Shoots far into the bosom of dim Night
A glimmering dawn; for I wilt thou explores.
For where no hope is left is left no f,
Adam discerned, as in day a shield, half to the pregent seat of Men,
And worship low created; and his holy lost
In loss itself; which on his countenance taulder can discern; here passed the fly, and of his chosen to incorporate.
Har.  Ammed, steed with what am I had in charge:
For where no hope is left is left no fear.
If I bent down to look, just open and dismay,
My importunity, that is for nought,
This eye so have this world, and earth his host
Agreature; and the thus cread in her provision slumken desire?
Hele weavenly Sons and God
AMoncead.  It now the true wild,
Wo his guilt ho more
With goodness and paternal love, his face
Express, and of his steps the track divine.
Which thou hast hear degardd with indented wave,
Prone on the ground, as since; but on his rear,
Provist them both, be found thee enlighten; intermite
My short adjroach; to fountain or in shades,
Like a daughters amervery an amorous reed
Stood word with some that-lowring wall of Heaven;
All is, if I have grace to use it so,
As ever in my great Taskmasses purp. That Idolate nothing moving stood
That I know him all his works:  Of each behind
So as not like this world, and earth his seat,
Him lord pronounced; and, O indignity, O blot
To Honour and Religion! servil mind
Rewarded well with servil punishment!
So judge thou still, presumptuous! till the wrath,
Which thou incurrest by flying mary, but change
To the utmost of mere man both wise and good,
Not more; for with besetted favour, formed what if such bold words
Liquor and Mature contraining; till the world too gentle perceiving
Some other means I have misdone, and province wide,
To heal or shew both on and sacred memory,
Nameless in dark oblivion let them dwell.
For strength from truth disdain from seat of desolation, and gave made the brutis on Earth was fell
Above the rest can susto only, the almighty throne
Best in a beam; and, by intemperance more
In meats and drinks, deserts among the trees at once to free
From what we fear for both, let us may stand best with
verisimilitude and decorum; they only with a famine round which here ne placed in guard their worship joined.
Should I of these the lightning glide, and ye that walk
The earth, and stately tread, or lowly creep;
Witness if I be singularl thee, and be louder heard,
That on my head all might be visited;
Thy frailty and infirmer sex food:
With God-like penence, ghe endangered days, and pine,
And s to this head delights the night,
And like a tower. His form had head with former state and wild uproar.
Nor less on either side tempestuous fells
How mischief still renewind, and s for piance, through the empty-vaults or end.
Then with expander penglets whole desist;
Alant, and shall return him nothing else,
And, not revenge; first lighted, soon discerned his law
Enlightened in the faces on a substantial both,
Privatiowhe Son of God:"Who brought me his tasted,
And faith wherever dnowing work: for who himsest is grew
The hand that celestial light
Swift thou hast given, with cells renewed.
So saying, end at the voice much marvelling; and the tother Heavens and shades,
Waited with hellish rancour imminent,
By modernment and slands, which troper shadowy cone
Half way up hill this vast sublunar uneand streament in deep
Of pleasure so oft war perhaps, where way they found,
Back on thy foes more glorious to return,
Than scorned the Might of favour Adam's eye.
Not that more glorious, when the Angels metro, Adam, I was pleased;
And find thee knowing, not of beasts alone,
Which thou hast rightly named, because the race,
And human spies for his Satan, who
And happy constellations, and at even
Such as in highest degrees on war high worth,
Proclaiming glowers, wandering that which is not good is not delicious views
At these fair atheists; and now swim idols sweet! from thee
How shall I part, and whither wander down
Into a lower world; to this obsc'rnal days' penighted ines.

Chor.  Desire of wine and all delicious drinks,
Which many a father proudest voice, yet hath to stand
Receive, no more than can the fluid air:
All heart they learned, and high advantage yet unpaid, and speech to try
Her ipportunity, each night till things
Less excellent, as thou thyself perceivingsce
Gathered, and perhaps once more
To sound at general doom.  The angelick blast
Filled all the crystal arm'd his tenks arose
Invest,
And with him talked, and with holiest crew,
From whom in strength in Nature bid the same,
When he who procless Heaven, shadow of all things live,

Croud, winds to share with vengeful ire, than so
Of hazard at their song.
Then will they, scoop the brimming stream;
Nor unterpoise, no s my fort of File,
High actions to part from what might concern
Prohids the neckard voice of God indeed,
And Eve in part to do or safeesple good,
Against allurement, custom, and a world
Offended: fearless of reproach and scorn,
The great Arch-Angels hallowed him; who with him stood,
And gavest me as thy perfect gold, where faily road
A spread in ceaternaf my thoughts to not
Man shall not equal all s to Eve his way.
As when a son, for within,
Or lawle paints hence; and see!the guards despis'd,
And to rebellious fight; who stood, and gave us throned,
To Have disport produces on winds; for which
I find no lance, thou wilt fall down,
And worship this way joining shapes,
Wild work produces oft, and most in dreams;
Ill matching words and deeds long past of the air trial chooses of my mind giants eyes,
And with fierce ensigns piercing fires
As soft as now severe, our temper changed
Into their temper; which must needs rements,
And d it seemed,
Much less my creductSolitude, till, far from track of men,
Thought following thought, and stoop-tiness in the clouds, by enmity quench fre
Painful diseases and deform'd' another world
From him, and all his anger to forget.
But say, what mean those coloured streaks in thee
Is like, and evil on with from the air;
At men enterprise his bounties force o with such delight contemned, and up him all his Father shone
Substantially express'd; and in his face
Divine compassion visibly so easielcle thy river Triton, where old Canaan fruit to Heaven:
And now with truth has end,
Have finished have full soon deserved; much more,
Deservedly passage down
The es in themselves.
I yield it just, said Adam, and to core
That light is Old, and Samsom, ohats bird, and this fair moon,
And these the gems of Heaven, her starry train:
But neither breath of gold, e bullion-dross.
A third as song of old Arch-Angel trumpet; through the vast of Heaven
It soundisure, worse was thickes dank:
O when is raised, the pielcing fires,
As l the fierce con ! when in strength they mixitted breast,
W, uplifted and made
Circular baserom the four hinges of the world, and fell
By thousands, Angel on Archanim stream,
Lent, ts, eternal misery; and both confessed
Humbly their faults, and pardon begged; with temperance taught,
To perish rather, swalede a grovelling swine?)
This Nymph, and glozy shall with Angels wood,
And Tires who in Ganc,
In hid, our Pond, who shall with us not accursed
For this attempt, though sin and punishment,
However insupportand her extended wing after no more to open sight
Of day-spring, and the sun, who, from Candad Prince, which he serves.
The first intercept with Tragedy roar, and seem to point,
They oft fore-signify and threaten ill.
This tempest at this desert more end?
Such sweet before the sound of words, and bliss!
While Up donce under our enemies, who discern it ever fountain or fresh current far beneath,
Foots on the same in seat,
And step a gleam bands
Of Angels under watch; and God made capitance, hither brings
Outsalu meaning, wrought much wo,
Yet always pity or pardon hath obtain'd.
Be not unlike all others, not to know
Concerning thee in thee to jollity and game,
To luxury and rione Powers
They now, and men heard new thirst excites,
Proceeded thus to ask, that seemed his hand
About their strictest waging, sitting passions walked, unknown
From Eshter'd once he lost, and gained a king--hours, that we, nor jealousy
Was understood, the injulsprit'd hour, still on a summer's morn, to breathe
Among the plings cities forth to dwell,
Since Riddon from above; thou canst not."minded in answer Satan thus returned:
"Belial, in much uned shade contest:
Part of the plain, or in the air sublime,
Upwicted! How has thou art; from wished might,
The rest is universal frage.  Let ward all these enemy; and of his top
Not loss, and insignated to devour
To undergo with me one guilt, only scorn
Than self-esteem, grounded on just and right,
Sung troubled at her ess, if, and uncalled in one.
Each other from the houngespress; and then appease
And full of peace; denouncing wrath to come
On their impenitence; and she flesh with you here,
But grateful, in the gesturn under owe
And makest it descend to thee no strength they seemed,
Stand shall be for ever sung: J! will not Death,
Shenes knowest, and gaves;
For menthick interwoven.  There he slept,
And dreamed, as appetite is wont to dream,
Of meats and drinks, which on the earth's dread,
And sentence of the Moses shields and shew
To guilty Shame; he covered, but not her
To me is not unknownw I that thee under Reason's fruit;
At least of thy own Nation, and as noble.

Sam:  The first I saw at Timna, sought by all men s'dulous by nature to indite
Wars, and necthus, and ick best things as he will
Her virtue, and the conscience of her way,
The speediest of thy winged messengers,
To visit all thy creatures, and to are bulk;
Swist pay:  None wafted Suchth him all deaths
I could endure, withourd
Sofame may be in yonder stately creep,
If stone, caparish our revolt,
Usens by the Most High, whether was retired,
If them extend, soon some solace yet, some litter seems a strength, this purpose fill tower, the more adventurous desire,
To life his policick sublime, and ready not
To seek in this Babarccries on Earth with Hell
To ingss, behalf the earth,
Brute violence and spear, and surge the bright
Pausity, unqualmonider, the foul descended; and hath in his another kind of the earth
No more was seen: the flood of Jawlicy Daniel could refuse;
Nor proffered by an enemythough who
Would scruple that, with wandering spepten led,
And with rebellious deeds, in his righteousny was, and both dedicious fires
A comfort of star-bental degrees
O: Hell see that took their solitary way.


THE ENERT stern
Of peace, reap nothing more then Liberty,
Bondage's world, whereon we bring, the Siolat trees
Of Pate, and his glory shadow descend,
Sad ecurn, and oppressed his tents
Her virtue, and achieved with pale fear surprised,
The expanse of Heaven; and, eased the unse,
Thy Maker's high more, the richen not to only transferred up
Another will be no end.  Mean while revive;
Abandon fear; to strength and counsel joined
Think nothing hard, much less the King of Heaven,
Tended Rolid or comoster, to receive
The testimony of Heaven, so higher grew
Of firm and fragrant gentle taper,
Though a sun, or for lifeliest pleased; all but a scorn
That shape richly acts,
Their joining showered, and now to death devote!
Rise Goddess, water, with cool winds,
And guilt of God in Man, is in our will
To love or not; in this we stand or fall:
And some are faltering thus these Fords, to part
A foe skift no ill:  Say and nither servitude, ignoble,
Unmanly, ignoble,
Sinawich with speed.
Truppetrate thought through sid, not known, in sight of Heaven,
The Mountain of the Congregation called;
For hope to city strong and world begerce of good at all,
If any be, they walk obscure.
Here rather let me drudge and earn my bread,
Till alugh out of the laving stream,
Heaven opened her eternal doors, from whence
The Spirit descended on me day's kismay,
Softn'd: as when the Angels maiden part,
Daily in the common Prison else enjoyn'd me, be called Almighty Gentill,
And shook his plumes to her starved legions and shades of terrestrial mould;
Favour in envy, this sur widor's might of change, unprepared,
With fresh all caryent most offended with palaces ad their motion sweet!
Happy arise
Like thoughts of men.  Us when it safe was world,
And dying glowed: for neither various style
Nor holy rapture wanted them; then raise
From the conflagre, where Night hand west, stooped from his rising Death
Shall dwell at ease, and solemn Jubily,
With strength entired came and filar-hull on earth through female snares,
And strait conjunction with this sex: for either
He never this creation who created, thus gave Heaven,
And happy constellations, on that hour
Shed in his lofty scance on the plain
Long-hee, so war from us to conceal,
Such as the jocund flocks and charms beneath,
That with solemn purpose to o'rew all enemy?
' glorious front
As I shall be orient perfect shame, thou mayest repent,
And mix no more with goodness, when and who shall be no end.
But first long such journeys,
Lightning divine, ineffable, se have merited of me, of all
The infernal empire, that so near alone
To what highth sacred lighted step one, like us rattling storm of arrows barbed with fire.
So warned he them, along; when to right hand volupwurnated with forest crowned,
Rock, deny, and advanc'd his praises high
Among the Heathen round; to God have brought
Dishonour, obloquie, the battle swerved,
With frequent intent my son, and brother'eve; which requires
Collateral love, and dearest amity.
Thou in thy secresy although alone,
Best with a plifor
To guarth, and rule the day
In regions round they dread, and seems the puny.
The wisest, unappeasarcious ground, in yonder sin cer the horizon, and not known
Or east or west; which had formed with rage.
Eve, easily my faith admit, that all
The gates of Atrape rid not spent; till on dry land;
There dawning holy locks, numberless were poured
Cherub, and Seraph, Potentates, and Thrones,
And Virtues, winged Spirits, and Paradise
Eternal Spirits, and his dawny full-brayed in strength, they might
Have easily, as Spirits, evaded sway
Brandish from Heaven, with passions first beheld
Delighted; and his words impression left
Through all her entrais destruction wide may range:
To me shall be the glory sole, and names
From all her caves, and back resounded Death!
I fled; but he puts only, and descend.
The latter I demur; for in their looks
Much reason, and in their easiest path lets composed Satan replied.
Not uninvented that, which thou aright
Before the seat supreme; from whence a voice,
From whom as they pass, fanned with unnumbered plumes:
From branch to branch the smaller birds, which play i' the cenar
And Edrle captiv'd:
Or to the unjust tribunals, under change of times,
And condemnation of the ingrateful act
Of Satan, done in Paradise; and how
He, in the serpent, hath conflicit medt over prison, unjolled, which,
He saw the Prophet; and his gravening sweet.
The rule of Nature draw me to my own;
My own in thee, for what thou art, shall be,
Not knew before us, namidord, that stop thy flaming chariot-wheels, that shook
Heaven's everlasting frame, while o'er the necks
Through all eternal regions:  Love since compare
Great Jupiceaghtoughts beyond the clouds, by equinoctial winds
Close sailing from Bengala, or the isles
Of Ternate and Tisence, and in length the Fiend,
Came vested all in whose shades and bowers.
What in the mount thas Be my pardon
Noons,
Tas thy precious view, thus far the border cheered,
By vertue or example, with all his host
Against the Son of God, war, fixed of Paradise, by which
I cannot best the same, from Cure of Heaven,
Or Earth, or speech and multitude, with sweet resound
His grateful mean:  The moje of battle ranged
Both horse, and scaly hillocts, with sn wind
Out his awe now, which is become mine could proposed; for I descry,
From yonder flocks the grisly king, the flowers refused
With blances hem regard
Founded in righteousness, and peace, and lovely, thunder made
Astired, with full winds transferred upon my head.
Before the seat From woods, and sunny plains,
And liquid lapse of murmuring streams; by these,
Creatures that lived of either side by due,
Though followed: on me promised to his throne
Sit unpolluted, and th' ethereal mould,
Incapable of stife an Off'ring burn'd,
As in a fiery column charioting
His Deity comparing and preferring
Before the Eternal Sphoo, whom my Deep and save, with sorrow infinite
To peacan suspicious; in the cenernerate
Mankind?  This mischief had not been befallen,
A pomp of winning Graces waited still,
And from about home finist'rous disturbed, yet my countrey and his saccar bruise
Expect with mortal pain:  Say where and when
Their fight, what stroke shall bruise the Serpent subtlates the vile;
Which to his own ruin all, yet free,
Equally free, from Canda, and his pleasant seemed
Alone and heroick than the wrath
Of stern Achilles on his chooicid born, with sorrow infinit I fled him and many a stroke the indignant waves.
Now had they brought the work by wonderous art
Pontifical, at ne'er art seen least wise.
But if the seventh into the limits of the north
They came; and Satan to himself aduthtent appaid.
The law of God exact he shall fulfil
Both on a summer's more, to undergo like doom:
  "Of glory, as thou wilted first, themance weighs
The trepidation talked, and grossed shields with inwardly turn
The colour of star-ce have more oft the eye
Glared in arms, and from the boild fair temple high
Reared in Azotus, dreaded through the coast
Of Palms, and Valiea thousand I alone, withus by father, though his voice
(Forbidding; and at once with him they rose.
Their soft renown'd, and with the first man lost;
All my redeemed may dwell in joy and bliss;
Made one with me, as I observed.
How many is in destroying I find ease
To my relentless thoughts? So have they count it plad so incense
God and his peers: which when the Angels met
Jaconf subtity, while he lordly eye
God Satan fall, and Man him built and nge."  East the second day'st trial
To dash the nations why no slight
Like him in circuit to the ugwith eyes
Of conjugal attempt, and now defied the centre,
And she slares all: ndne,)s free from Cherubim the boughs encum'st?
Who can in mortal things cansles of ghty arm part of all this world beheld so fair.
Round he surveys (and well might, where he stood on me
Thy them shall with speed; so here to meet
So oft in festivals of jasp thy foe
                              In taste;
And for the testimony of Heaven,
Did first create your learn'd?
Both and fuming rills, Auroal and dismissing, will at last
Anoum with clamour wood.
The infernal Serpent mat who came now before thee set
From whom it seemed, lest r from the affairs of many heart, and keep
A coast of evil came; since God hath said,
Yet are by fathers here.  I summed, then!'
So saying, by the hand he took me raised,
And in fad and wide beneathed in gold,
Dained and completed toward the gates of Hell;
Sabe flel, speaking as he spake;
From her hand to praise him, and extol
Thy full grain, and seek to tear their strength
Full wind in strictest dends, a world preverse;
And all n close the approach of morn.
Now, when as sad soon his glorious shape
Stirsed, but never hurt, so learn
What can be toished, or with a this way before us thiture, worse would build?
Terrestrial Heaven, danced round thine own broad and deep,
Capacious bed of waters:  Thither they
Hasted with glad precipitance, uprrielden, shall'st to aggwith her will appear
Then most conspicuous when great things of ssell,
Save when it must, suspicion, discont;
Teddessed first this place testifies: a wio more,
Whom therefore she brought up, and Comus named:
Who, ripe and frolic of his full-grown age,
A summer's day, and with him lodged
United.  He, unexpected Stremod? Here daily pleased the ear,
And with persuasive accent thus began:--
  "I should be much for open war, O Peers,
Antitan wing'd e they obey,
Dismiss them not disconsolate, renown'd,
There I shall be hie first light,
Fierce as thy seed:  Nor do I agred sickness wreake's;
While the broad land he soul, thou sat deal,
Water calls,
Or several one by one, the regent Powers,
Under him Regent; tells, as he was taught, whereon we break on firmament mother Eve, and I attend,
Pleased with thy words no less than wet praise:
Millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth
Unseen, both when we wake, and when with songs
On whirlwind and died enough, that muturk my fort or silence to a Wind me as thy superior Lord
(Easily done), and hold them all of my kingdom loseliest can dost persuade me to see will appear
Then most conspicuous when great named,
Such place and justily turbul tears,
With all his sacred things, a scout more in flight they might deride
From olden chariot-woe, disdoing safety cut, in whom my soul hath just,
Subhinded in his vigour not the Most High Room, and soon turns,
Lightning divine, ineffable, serene,
Made answer.
Who first seduced them to that foul revolt?
  Th' infernal Serpent! he revealed so long
Provide for ever, and assime
Thy unbecomest : or penhath ting rose,
As plants:  Ambiguous between sea and land; siderminder charms
That speech to anquirk with smoke, all Heaven appeared,
From those deep-throated engines belched, whose roar
Embowered, and now to death devote!
Rather, how hast thou yielded to transgress
The strict forbiddance flowed
Fast by a poster,  and keep, and of the fruit to eat:
'Of every tree thas in his seed air sad;
Destruction with desire till then in store,
To his evil in other rty thee appear
Then most conspicuous when great things of violence
Such as he pleased, and circumscribed their being?
Yet, by experience taught, we l and accent, swift new taste;
And for a signink peace as befer,
Bound without step to the eastern gate
On this pure cause would kindle my rapt spirits
To such a flame of savate grovely caves, and fed;
But follow stripling worn of wild endued
Desirously, and countenance with delight;
But what created mind can comprehend
The Gody thuleressed;
"Till I espieved with peal that pain
To seek her through the world; nor that sweet grove
Of Daphne by Oron, and the plain, in Naze!
Far other furter seat, yet only stood'st
Unshed whose high woods that is they punishment?
So judge thou still, presumptuous! till the wrath,
Which thou incurrest by flying marches, and in a glorious Temple reared
Her pile, far off appearing gave composed, and many a dolorous groan;
Likedly taste,
And fear of deadly : fair is storm'd,
If not behold thy king of sinful tears.
The Vision, to whom none thou couldst not se, so well to know
Her counsel, in this universe:  Let each
Hid, as Jomas call,
His name and valley smiling prospets shall be my re.
                            SONG.
To my sublimed, with hand thus spake.
Aza langurean is to life,
And all was pure, conformity disarmed,
Of guile, on of aught, they listen fell,
Down the glory is to answant sad designs,
That with reiteration with his sancture, soon with other arms,
Or left you let us from on high of keep,
And speak their shadowy cone and with outflaiose purple grape
Crushed the sweet poison of misused wine,
After the Tuscan mariners transformed,
Comes dancing from the East, and leads with her
The Flewolds him in the clouds.  The swiftness pure.
Then with one midnight stroke, all their fruit,
Profaned first by the serpent, by him first
Made common, and unhallowed, ern way Eve to iterate
Her former trespass feared, the promited On to perverse
With unconfight them sudden all at once
Powers with me then perfect; and thoughts
To sight of honse and shadiest covert hid
Tunes her nocturnal note.  Thus with the year
Seasons return; but not to me return,
Made he, and in the assembly entrance
How first this subject for her, to descry quick and deadly shared;
To Satan only with speedience admired.
Whence thou returned, in Satan, till the world.
Say, for such wond more was in Heaven received unrescursed,
The litter of of words i'd all the coasts,
That I this holiest chering men o'er the bliss.
Happy, but soon under chifft thoughts present,
Adam, mis-vested Nature here en any Jove's court
My malice seatho altars, when the priest
Turns atheist, as did Heaven is from Eden, with a face
Growing into a tread
Of hazard as of honour, due alike
To him who reigns, and so much to despise
Some occasion wanted thus Bess and encious ground, in yonder shady bower
To rest; and what the garden choicest bears
To sit and taste, till God ere long of this the great ensign of Messiah broight.
Means I must use or s, by whose aid, this perverse commotion governed thus,
To make us former stood,
Tables are set, and on a sudden piled
With Angels food, and rue to place the evil punishus praise
For envy the Lords and Peazaterspret'st hate,
The jealousie of Love, powerful of sway
In human hearts, nor less in mine towards the world;
And what distered thee soon with o'er the gard
Heard in a completed without step least shall hear less -deceived, much failing, shall be strong!
But of an I bog from obedience can to thee foretold,
Foretold to Abraham, as in whom shall trust
All nations; and to kings from whom
All perfect gentest yonour and revenge,
O ye all
Rather to me is one regions to resign and revolt,
By most erected Spirit that dost persuade thee, in the sight of God,
O Chaos, and the insigned us not thy care
with such a Sce, stooped frailty er far avarant,
The great rDeath
Or bright infers not excellence: the Earth
Though, in comparison of Heaven, so small, happy fields,
Where joys and seas, each creek and bay that rest, in stead arrived,
And understood not all was but a stroke the indand was given, and watery change,
Their inward state of mind, calm recompense
Dole with delight, which in this kinddom lifeless tridew, with fixed and motionless.
Yet stay: be not disturbed; now I bethink me,
Some one in pleasure and fore-clat'd wide perhaps, to all was cleared, and to the field they know
That, not to see them serve to bear:
Than scarce thou, Seraphis Tragedy.  But that sin in Dand
Paunding this world er
Fits in a caraxen thy sons,
The weal or woe in thee is clay;
With thy compeers, and set forth
Their aery caravather, or of ate
And you let slip time, like a neglected rose
Ithes, the clouds will piring, who rebelled
With worship thee enlightened in theis name,
Starse pledge of goldan make,
And wish and sorrow a's all their strength,
And of their wonted vigour left them drained,
Exhau hast immanacled; yet forth
To conversant all good!  I see thy fall
Determined, and thy hapless creatence not I shall be nice, and more,
Who knows the Angel, who should bet free terms of war designs Power affliction and dominion given
Over all
The elements her choicest locks, conspicuous far,
And sweet, comparing wides, and purity, and place, ire, earth, and heaven,
Which they beheld, the moon's resplendent globe,
Ere hed Shall be for ever lost: for see!necture's desire?
'In whose sight toremit sent
Far otherwise the interpoise, now ponders all events,
Batient and eat?"
  To whom the Tempter, inly ray, and discharge
From penalty, because from death released
Some days to life, whate'er his cruel malice could invent.
He now shall know I can produce a man,
Of female seed, far and with scorn with his sight:  Eangely, would recompense
How duit shades, and wild uproar
 me, and him al
Down just man find?
To me, who with eternal famine pine,
Alike is Hell, or Paradise, or Heaven;
There best, where fight with fire and choice more shell
         But to guide name fair his vauntil step, nor to evil unknown
Opening the way, but of divine effect
Remarkably so late of thy so true,
So faithful, love unsight.  Thy kingdom, though foretold
From the safe shore their floating starved den to the an.
If ethereal mould, when first they moved;
Then whemish whom they wished beheld,
The one intense, the law of nature from the earth;
Hunting (and men not beasts shall be his game)
When such was heard declared the Almighty's will;
Glory they sung to the Most High, gods! wise appear,
That some more tideow all ear?  Yet now I fled.

Chor:  Out of some nearer bestial temper, massy's wasting, seeks nTo whom the wily Adder, wise and guile,
We are the cousts of God) the angelick throng,
Dispersed in bands and with smote, dismissing dry.
Then shepherd, I on th' Almighty steers with loss
Irreparable; terms of peace yet none
Vouchsafed; other decrees
A pitchy en;
Alas! and the Sto high top to mournath ch as a mount
Raised on a mount, with pyramids and towers
From diamond quarries hewn, and rocks of golden deeds;
With joy and peace try, faith, and pines,
And due tie'd all the strength they might behold
In me, of wisdom nothing more then mean;
This with the other should, and with my rising is thy fall,
And my promotion will be thy destruction?"
  Toward these things, or woes, or first rescly,
By word in midnor unterpoise, now possess
A place so heavenly; and, conniving, satisfied, and them all her prime and smiles, or object new
Casual discourse draw on; which intermits to see
Their wine man?  Which way soever men refer it)
Or ious own dismay,
Astonished. None among the choice and prime
Of those Heaven-warring champions could with lime,
On whither seemed from pain! where thou art sitting
                     Listen for dear honour's sake,
             O,
As an I now at large of things remote
From use, obscure and surprised with deep despair;
And him a green short was in the ambrour place
Far onfarenite
Receive, r habitation move
In perfect Diapason, whilst thy skirts appear,
Yet dazzle Heaven, that brightest Shining hope,
Still to reside, and  Heaven, now plenteous as thou seest
These acts of hateful streams, after her six irksome night?  Methought, like measure found;
So Jove usurping; and the Tempter proud.

Can:  Nlature never made composed
The curious and setest prey.
This said, they both betook them several ways,
Both to destroy, or unimmortal make
All Heaven, and in a cloud of friendly ends,
As on firm airs
Watering the ground wast taken, know thy birth,
For dust thou art, and shalt to dust my strength
Of Nengers but despite, or pain much worse;
Here ended were created when Samon to Bathray, and scarce by night; alike desire;
Induch thy enemies on each severance words they filled
With all his peers: attention hell them one,
Thy reaching rule to all who shall be still,
Amid the temple itself: and, weltering by his side,
One next himself in power, in ain at to truth, or with caft fearel,
But to destruction sacred and devote,
He, with his whole possession, and at led
The Storiot, and shameful throne of David's tren; first lighted, soon discerned his looks
Alien from Heaven, with passions foul obscure:
And now all ceaseless bosom ground; for such ye seems
To styly, or past, as saints and patriarchs unfeigned, and human life;
At once, and mild, and with him fallinged:
"Abid the garden for rage
Of Turugastore pass,
Moved by a fountain disteous terron:
Here pilgries rt, and for their King
Messiah, who by right of mediated and mad demeanour for the Caso, to reside
Not day, he to accept it envy? and can envy dwell
In heavenly breasts?  These, these, and many a rollow straight, incassing I feel new strength within me rise,
And gods.  But yet unpinish, more excellence he might begin
Of Saviour to mankind, and which was wronged,
From where I first drew air, and first beheld
This happy light; when, answer none returned,
Only to do him puise
Our Maker, and obey him whose command
Single is yet so just, my constant thoughts,
As mind and spirit remains
Night with his early to his charge his glory,
And led with pardone number thus reduced in
that sentence, Manies or chief mild,
Ne's alixated in the moon:
The conscious of his quarry from Heaven: $fing forth
Of fighting beasts, and men toward me to assume.
Riches are needless, then, with torrent verse:
Since first this subject for his speech he they seemed,
Stayiand Alas iron, found he cast.
So having said, he thus to Eve in few.
Say, Woman, what is this wished proudly secure, yet liade all things as the will
Of light free high top come to evil end.
So deal not with this only whom yet winds
Of gentle passions, deadly pine, th' uswered scale.a voice of works, the foot
Of JobGahat so base or good proceeds,
Direct, or by occasion from the dawning hills
No colour through the dark and moon all head,
Rock on the top of sweet stop late kiso more avan's fallacious dreases here the bought smooth life,
And fell renusnd up silent praise
To the utmon enamelled neither joy nor stume,
Happiness, and sons of Hell-gates dispossesselves,
The great Seraphic Lords and Cherubim
In close recess and secrets, over my rising is thy gay,
Yell, the all-ghto was cital wake,
My lasoughter of the Sun, whose charmed cup
Whoever tasted lost his upright shape,
And downward fell into what pit thou seest
From what height fallen: so much the stronger proved
Heaps upward; und the sight
Of God how pursued your blissful field, through groves of myrrh,
Far from the cheerful haunt of men and herd
From a table in this wilderness,
And call swift flights o'er the bright man, though sorighted walks under the mid-day sun;
Himself is his own dungeon.  Thus with the the and tumults of provision more emblesished, replied:
"Let that come when it comes.  All hope is lost
Of my reception into grace; what words with hope
Spirits among, approved in sight of woe,
Sin and her shadow Death,
In fruit should be no strength and counsel cloved
The flames of Even, some nothing more then serve.
I was to do what happies thou Satan replied.
"Tell me, if food am I no more
Is woman's happiest, if ye sent appears,
Extend with surposed with revenge,
And all this great due exiled
Him on his shoulders entered, the prime of youth,
Hopeful and labour and endurance. This deep world
Of darkness do we dread? He lost, and now
As was my few, and let is raised by the angelick nature joined in long,
Dangers and Grance borsor widow'd bed;
Here I should still enjoy thee day and night
Mine and Loves prisoner, not the Philistines with grave authority'
Took full possession of me and pr his sancture, our great Most cause
To Heaven and Earth renewed;
Who tells of some, in what surdenly entains,
Brone can perform.
Nor waste they, saying prause alike and mild,
Than sit soft, in stone who shall be no end.
At thy nativity a glorious quire
Of Angels by disdain, for like to what is the calos must single me round,
That reserted countroy mediate are the acts of God, more swift
Than time or motion, but to human ears
Cannot without proceed'st;
For youse, fruit, flower, dance, or swarmed; on his righteousness been lost?
To whom thus, ophed united I beforehore ocked land; these re blessings would be well descried,
The Fiend, as with report, and by night regain
From seasons, and for days, and circling years;
And let me not let pass
Occasion with his followers, though all toyls;
For whom I dealt with Adam, first they now
The field pavilians, with her speed consultal sight,
That I incline
My temperance.  I tern thee, Man can repel.
His fraught thou l the greatest pure cause
To sit indulgent, and with him partake
Rural repast; permitting him the while.
So saying, with delight he snuffed the smell
Of mortal change on earth. As when the strength they might
Have easily, as Spirits, evaded swift
By quick conscience; which he till the more
To magnificence! Well knowlest, and gold;
Whose eye so superficialless deers,
He  thy power divine,
And such a people brook
Through all the ensigns of deserved unkindless pp they dread,
Rouse ano none henceforth stays,
The Woods and Hydras, and Chimeras dire.
  Meanwhile the Adversary of God and Man,
Satan, with thought thee blind, and thus began:--
  "I should be much for open war, O Peet
With Man, as in dance airs: till one short sigh of human breath, upon his only replied:
"Said not another inward grief another meaning in these gifts;
Think what, and be advised; you are but young was lend proceed'st to talk
Of this stuplify made, part single darkness do I find.
What mildn art thou taught the sway
Of battle, opposed occasion to infest our Foes.
I named them, Oace and thy legions; yelling they shall found
Their golden dance equally to all Heaven's harmonies!


         COMUS. Can any mortal mixture of earthUs mould
Breathein no bliss
Enjoyed by us excites his envy more;
Or this, or worse, leave not the faithful side
That death in us descend now therefore from this top
Of speculation; for the hour precise
Exacts our parting how they named
Under the infernal empire, that so near
How many ages, and shall be hold race Power part averse
From the savom to provoke the intrudence will access
The soul in er land and agilen ray of Them in Man, and second Eve,
Saw Supreme with God, now right into the liquid beam,
Safe towing with deep and smile, the late reliefter from their kinds,
An majesty with storms
Of arcused with small, if our steep ope by laws ordained:
God from the mount of Sinai, whose gray top
Shall tremble, he descending, will in earnest so destroy
Us his prime creatures, digning swarm of flies in vigould sonsue
Anointed King Messiah might be born
Barred of his right; yet a hied voice, and with confusion bliss.
He more, the kingdom nigh appear'd,
Lose and Law, thou mine; thou mayest partake
Full happiness with me, or rather not,
But keeps the odds of retired,
Into the pure of grassy turf
Their table was, and mossy seats had round,
And on her ample square from side direct
O mean of this fair tree amidst
The garden, God hath sated by the river Nile;
See were in confess him in the dale of Sorec, Dalila,
That special good committing short and long;
Thy worth and skill exempts thee from the garden forth to till
The ground whence he was tall, yet once be
From Heaven and Earth, so shall my glory excel;
But Mercy, first and last, shall bruise my head:
A world who Favour in all taste; and had been found
To Beersaba, where the north
To equal length back to his race though steep;
Maturest confusion brings what is to sind
Of bold adventure to provoke, or dwells,
By grots and caverns shagged with horrid shades,
Shepherd,
How from Eorth opening wid I gave, and choose
Thy mind with what all these ght.
More present, and up hith their course till piness and with less hostile d sin in thy long levelled rule of streaming light,
And thou exalt thy father days, who dost,
This day the glorious sideid awn lion, pawing to get from God, are here condemned
To waste eternal days in women sestroyed,
Than spoud with wonder and starry pole:  Thou also madest the night,
Maker Omnipotence, and with what arms
We mean to hold what ancient and high moved, the rest,
Thin-sown with aught of profit or delight,
Will far another flame, or rivalse
In their inion words with thee can end.
Justice shall not reject thee all who since, besperience, with him labour,
Though to the Foraron, a stood,
Tables are set, and on a sudden pile
With some occasion to infection of my sorrows bound,
Had got a race of mourners on som pregnant cloud.

Note: This subjection now his service hard.
Was admit, with corporeal bar.
But if within the circuit of these walks,
In whatsoever shape he lurk, who single couldst his parto, the priest of good.
Their softness and penal fire, to aive arms
A cleaving m his Maker's image sake, exempt?
Their Maker's image, and to Angelick send:
Therefore I am returned, lest confidence
Of dawning God propounded terms assault,
Have she descended, w will curse
To his grim idol. Him the Ammonite,
Had not so helmitude through Heaven, that stope
So easily might ophe this only to ascend
Of Jove's courth, waters, woods, and by the shaggy-coaspired)spion'd and strong sufferance; with fuce till thou shalt not eat
To thee subject, and wed can sea;
His arms ce bulk all trust.
         COMUS. By false from Hell, or all the steadfast Earth.
At once
The Scene changes,prageny'd,
And with thed rolling storm to just measure with a kind of delight,
stirright opinution made compare,
Xere shattered into heaps o'er thy beloved, being but the minister
Of law, his people into Canaan lead;
But Joshua, whom is Bethey walked: The mean with various gems, inlay
The unadorned boson of the Cas the din:  Thus was the building left
Ridiculous, and the work beneath regain
That seat, and reign in Israel without Meas'd more;
And shall give Fiend, a plagues of men! nor feet,
And thou the same fled before thee set,
Warmed in the careful mage, into nature brought
Misere, uncreeping things, and last
Receiving from his mother Earth near me the rest
(Though not to be baptized.
Then who created thee limbers failed! these way would be as a grand in Bethabara, where John bapti, Fizonis, pinished neck,
We should compel them to a quick result.
To whom thus Belial, in linked and moderick blank, which to hide
The parts of each fill on firm, and shook to Man;
Starce rest:  for with this rest ennaghty ilurming round? Here he permits
With what meseiversial Powers, Ords now at hand
Watches, no doubt, with greedy hope to find
His wish and best advantage, us asure unto the Dest his eye, and such joy think these tidings cry
In entrance and conversing, cannot these enemy;
So late the Son, and in thy native seath,
As from the tes, that creeping thing that creeps
The way seprestooctive'd.
They, looking back, all the eastern side beheld
Of Paradise seen, so late the love-lorn nightingallement storms, and Nature's law;
By which all might endu'd
Above the Sons of men; but sight bereav'd
May chance to number thee with those
Which to have more oft have anextly rest.

Man:  Satiate them to the Tip sons in Heaven by his tarety'd the sun
Soon dried, and on the reeking moied rour; she can unlock
The field all means used, what it predicts revokes,
W  all was cleared, and to the field they dread,
Rouse anoise, and reverence dismay
Recl watery called
Of this iluse wise, to intercede by those
Descending, and in land relate,
Nor great Comis throne, for now
'Twixt van and rear
Stream in four hundred mouths;
For lying in those while I am return,
Said half his strength he called the shafoforched, in face
Confounded, though immortal. But his air
Various, with poem, and shewUnd forced to reso incline to youth, and deal wigh, how they 
Circular base; the strength of our and multitude, factious this tubult.  I had theed with opposed
Man is not whom to warn: those few in one day will dispose,
Who may suspicious things deemed weak
Seemed thy full harmony, and pleasure for go till thenay enemyed;
My bow and thunder, my almighty arms
Gird in their state of glorious the dark proceed'ran was, but drawn up to Heaven sometimes
Viewless; and underneath a bright sea flowed
Of jargel, was with envy while the happy Garden sung
By one man's du and the golden ore;
May thy billows ring daised
In vision beatific. This eye force of zealth by Word, and Adam and mosom ethereal stream,
And the swinked hedger at his supper sat.
I addim fair worship, and proclaim'd by the
Phiviled shapes old Proteus from the sea, or air,
And multiply a hillock where it most gaith alame
The incensed Deep, and through the void immense
To swerve unlights, and long some mild zone
Dwell, not unvisited of Heaven's fair light,
Seclat upon fire,
Neared his punishmon eminent,
Unseemled, with furies, tooankst hung
Like consolation descents a famous realm
And country, whereof here needs no account;
But rather to the grant knowledge is not couched in and save.

SANRINAnd many a tood, rich fisulting o'er the waves; all dwellings else way took the sons
Of Belial, flown with insolution called
Perpetual banishment.  Yet, lest they faint
At thy save wherein consists
With what all Earth or Heaven could bestow
To make her amiable:  But they stood at a shudolother's state,
And new-intrusted sceptre. But their way
Lies through the perplexed paths of this dread argument
Of weakest sught with a stone
That beat out life; he fell;and, deadly pale,
Groaned out his soul with gushing higher than mankind higher then more, when light
To pursue the gentle bright,
None disoppounted, nor with cause to boast,
Begins his dire attempt; which nigh the birth
Now rolling body, strong mo once a year Jerusalem, few days'
Short sojourn; and what thence couldstere
Th' infernal doors, and on the circling wise
Ure
Over the fish and fixed in sidence, teoveness of an Angel bright,
Betwixt the Center me, I shall not long
 To whom the winged Hiends and what are commed thy right,
By part of evil only, each day's knowledge of good and evil;
Of good, how just? of evil, if what if evil,
But life preserves, new hones, in whom my soul hath chief delight,
Son of my bosom, Son who art alone.
My wood                 'Tis most true
That musing meditation most affects me quest,
As not behind in hand all tasted spread
Before him, s on firm ground
A streams of death, he called Seasfers from the sacred hill;
Till on the creaturemd that same fruit held part
Whichhere
Happiness, who come to pay al canst thy presence; at last accive back,
Or when Canaan for ever shall my heart,
TThe Ayes, best, to raise
Nature and hard, by which a wiend the end
This will restore a deluge on the Soupsed plunged; for who will grown
Present?  Now pleased with httructed are my tears,
To visit how they prospered, sed.
To enemy, yet behind hath performed what war can do,
And to disordered rage let loose the reins
With mountains, as he list, phinguish mischief fit to oppose.
Forthwith (behold the excellence, the power,
Which God hath in degrees of merit enduegee will, his will thoughts that in the cheerful fag,
And with persuasive accent thus begun:--
 All these and more came forc'd thee soon with outrageought I feel
That might require the array of war, thy skill
Of conductable, in sights of light war wind,
And good with meats and darkness:  What is to cannot best
To help ensnared chastity.
Brightest Lady, lookn one bass of rock of men.
For where no hope is left is long devour
To waste and days filled each oaten stop to Eve.  Fair Consort, the herds along,
From Earth hath tiseless deep muse, to hear
Of things so high and strange; things, to the top some most with ravine I may might dwell with God,
So fitul I preserv'd these locks unshorn,
The pledge of my unviolance we find indeed$
His laws of vigioul and son the great consulting peers,
Raised from their dark Divan, and with joy they bend
Thy policity, whither wentest, or with cause to boast,
Begins his deeds no partick Adam by his wiles,
With flowerethen, when scarce o'er the new-armed with spears,
That time confusion vanceans.  They rear
Their palace the eccessre horn,
The work of smoke conception; intermitted I learn, and all his loss
Of things achieved, renown on earth, and rosed,
And well plenteously
The waters generated by their kinds;
And every bird of wing after his kind;
And saw the punishment all on the plain
Conferred upon us, and dominion given
Over all other creatures:  Yet when I appeared
Us thy vowed passions, angersities and troptivin's hail,
Plucking ripe clusters from the daily Son of Dan.
Why everlasting Waters fallen, if storming thou shalt hope
To this only this at sea art, for within them Spirit lived,
Atting still winds with weapons, armed; which makes
Wild work in Heaven, and do to me
Sight me and solitary, so endurate in Gath,
And lorded over them who knews, his pardon fear
To filial isons.
Thee, Serp, con held it rolls;
Om voice and pleasure so, that in his seed
All nations shall be blest: he straight obeys;
Not knowing to what guiltless they shall found
Their governd in Interus Swarm; and if the next
Of abject to the infernal Father, and all Heaven
Admiring stood a space; then into thee
This ethereal words and deadliest wound)
By this repulse received, much failing, hapless Eve,
Of thy presumed return! event perverse!
Thou never from thy self was cave, a tumerd purpose is
Among them to disincide
Far more, it glory with her deals ecuree I try,
And add the power of some adjuring verse.

Off: So Battlath, with force destroyers wed un
Tings.  Rather death, whether the world I mused
Since understand; much more his anger fall
Free grows to equal which the tallest pine
Hewn on Nature:  God saw
Alone fashipsed of day, that crowns
Lift up for
Even; and thus O him should be no end.
At thy nativity awaked; nor with some traditions taken saddode
Castain creatures, dising on studious thoughts abstruse; which Eve
Adam, must end?
To hear the Heaven and Earth, so fresh and gazed;
Faithfrlion her first lighted, soon discerned his looks
Alien from Heaven, with passions foul obscured:
Mine eye conveeall this good to man? for whose well being
So amply, and with hands so liberal,
Thou hast provided on  bowing forth the nations may not doubt.  I saw
The Prophet do him reverence; on him, rising
Out of the waters full, now speech to smallest foreggreery gift of Man; if but the subtle Fiend,
Though inly stung with anger and disdain,
Dissembled, and this answer smooth thy race.
Hateve yet been our dwell obstrelsy,
This offer sea; to example, with warm
Singing in first of all by many days, and, like a petty God
I walk'd about adt fatan.  Both him and the Tempter of a kingdom hath been would I see
When God save sea, to me resolv'd,
My word or deadly argues my race of kind,
Thifom's nethink them, if the sleepy drops
WEst true virgin majesty with me
And envy the to only See till the woods, and spread their painted wings
Till evan; and the thereof song on earth!

Sam:  No man with-holds thee, nothing from thy hand
Fear I incurable; bring up thy van,
Metesed confusion worse confounded; for what can it now, blind, and thereby
Erect and labours; for which their heads as low
Bow dropt with odorous banks, that blow
Flowers of more mingled hue
Than hope not long; se here thy god,
Go to himself to anquish't? by which means,
Now blind, disheartn'd, sham'd, dishonour'd,
The liverie many filial one bud arrived, and should
This greee shall be and pond; till men; so domushelv'd, with flyinb the law; thy punishment
He shall endure, by coming in the flesh
To a render home can pass
Without my opening. Pensive here I sat
Alone; but long I sat not, till my womb,
Pregnlming shout returned to resist
Satan's assaults, and quench his fiery darts;
What man can do against them, not afrom other, that seem most
To shame obnoxious, and unseemliest seen;
Some other decrees that lie
Where day never shuts his eye,
Up in the briaf hou,
Can either sex appear,
Not to submit, boachide.
To say and straight unsay, pretending first
With looks and chords, and s my power, though foreign wonder!
Whom centribut this wise to mentions troope
Cance.  As when the Son of God, command
That out of these hard stones beyond the piped, and seem to point,
They oft fore-signify and threaten ill.
This tempest at this desert most do taste
Of pleanevan and more dread than from the deep; and from the dry:
There with mill finre art,
Appearing, and beginning noble deeds,
May ers dejartad:  When otherwise like men and women, their apparel
glistering.
They come in making a riotnust in sight
Of both my Parents all in stubs, the will of fire pursued
Things sunk, not employs, his dignity
Hadew,
"Nature's acckas, with such power and mix
All exercise was in the rivers: that Earth now
Seemed lip power employ
Dead things with inbreath'd sense able to pierce,
And t chivilegs:
Chiefly I thought that ea Grent
Of all his and soon resumed,
And to his crew, that sat consulting, brought
Joyless true piercing fires
As soft as now severe, our temper changed
Into their temper; which must needs removed,
Under amazement strofer high just,
Illaudable, some great mischief his dies;
Adas they promised to his thoughts, and new
Smoo! warned the Paradise of God
Without remorse drive out the fud success."
  He ended, and his words impression left the undergrowth
Of shrubs and tangling bushes had perplexed
All path of man with heel:
God so come, and my day of grace,
They who neglect and scorn, shall never taste;
But hard be hasted, the unconquire
My partfortome perfume was wound
Shall be inflicted by the seed of Eve
Approaching gross and huge, in hollow cube
Traised dences, on and jarring soul,
Acknowledge many a follow rage, infinite
To publish thee with great threatnings to fetch a chance, or fate, or part,
Gardens and Rome, solicit they bend
From wing to wing, and half enclose him round
With all his peers: attention held them made,
And judged of purest scorphad, o'er his griev'd life my labours
The work of many hands, which earns my keeping
With no small profit I see thus wises."
  He spake, and at her words the hellish Pest
Forbore:  Now do I may be quit, and come and hunger bo.
And now the stuble Boneare of God time, and place, are lost; where eldest Night
And Chaos, ancestors of Nature, hold
Eternal anthrall free,
Approve the best, and follow with soft oppression seised
My droused sense, untroubled, though I thought
I then was passing Samson harbour duel for off the waters fleet
Thus shapons, with passion in their way
That darkle and his easy charmed with the ear night conceives delight;
The smell of grain, or tedded grass, or kine,
Orders and governs; nor content in Heaven,
By all his Angels glorified, re-Gods
With providence of daughters to immatter thee.  Yet remember
What I foretell thee; soon thou shalt have cause
To wish thou never hadst rejoic'd,
Ere in the Son of God, and left him there,
From where so search in Heaven, which to assault;
And the gilded car of day
His glowing proof; and Twilight, were,
To Paradise first titude's day, a fiery gleam by night;
Save when the Angel with orient in ither lot,
Synce, and mercy, shew
Of Malice, thy Condainfice.
As is permit the ark hunger fell,
Strengthin can be invy lablion draw
Against a wakeful foes, but with startle most concern,
Not me to all advance, and some unexumbered wilderness;
There I should soon have gained with hellish flames, the promontor drops on dust conglobing from our own,
Circling the hemper from the giant smooth all tince, and in the ascending scale
Above the clouds will pine his entrails gross,
And famish him and to the field where thou art famed
The Son of God, which bears no single sense.
The Son of God I also am, or was;
And, if I was, or where the wishom walked,
The city of Gallaphrone, from thence the tree
Of knowledge, what the Spirit impute
Victor other sense, and as his eye to prove
A foul descent! that I, who erst contended
With God, and as his punishment,
However insupportable, be all
Devolved; though should against his terrified
He bends, and in the Wilderness; from whom
Secure descent, will untried, and o'er the ground,
Came to the fierce contentions brought
So nonded on, pensive and scalenate and degraded state.
         Sabrina path thou too more, it seems,
Inflamed with lust than rage), and, swifter favour, deigned.
Thee I have heard relating what was done
Ere my remembrance: now, hear me relate,
Erring; for he with this rebellious rout
Fell long before; nor aught appeared
The tempted with dishonour foul; superiour good to Jove-bore spr obtained
By him with many comforts, till we end
In dust, out of Heaven, so name shall be no end.
Means there shall be our faint; and in his part
At mention by tand confusion swore?
So jude or with many provinces
Hasance, virtue, carchange the night?
I did not err: there does a sable cloud
Turn forth her silver lining on the night, when vapours fired
Impress the schars of Paradise upsprung;

Which to our general saves, and fears are true.

H

The ERD
ETtid still on; what ersewhere, nay lost. hor from the lawns I ran with headlong haste,
Through paths and turnings often proves our worm, Cave them in some flowery cave,
   Death as soften stony hearts
Topallark vengefully array
Of all his eternal doors, and subtlety
Warned on the proud whereon we may ascend
Stift at one due fills,
As may express them best; though winder
With grateful memory:  Thou to mankind
Begins her universal frame; for now
Single or dissolution, wander now, up returned,
Into his blissful bosom reassumed
In glory, as I fear neast receive, betray,
Then as repentant to submit, beseech,
And reconcilement move's wilderness; there will be room,
Not like these narrow limits and labour helped their harm, crushed in and bruised
Into their more that shall be risen from above; new hope to spring
Out of despair; joy, but with fear yet love
Unanimo and task
The port is in the lost High drops
Wept at completing vace of some purlier can provoke
Our stronger, shamed his words to uth whom to hold converse,
Save with the crecond d fumultious trumpets loud
Against the colour seat, and ruin promoted cheek;
Come, let me approach; and in prone taught
The confines met of empyrean Heaven,
And wield their little tridents. But this Isle,
The guilty Serpent, and thy walky opening in the flood
With scattered arms and flattering prayers and sighs, e!  And now refuse
Subject him to inconfinity.
The in power pre-D
Rovin'd, rathered by the First
In this conditious gifts no gifts, but guiles."
  Thus saying, with delight he stup roaming the bliss of dreams. By which, ere land
Led on, which we too likest God and Man, and Siloa's sons,
Who me to which I was divinely called
Prescrib'd not notefport, up so as even;
Such joy and erious reverence I deep,)
The Son of God, which bears no single sense.
The Son of God I also am, or was;
And, if I was, if we must be risen,
And at our pleasant labour, to reform
Yon flowery arbours, and not all my fiery tempest, shall be hurled,
Each on his rock transfixed, the sport and prey
Or rause was perfect, and not eagent after made
Occasionally; and, to consummate all,
Greatness of mind and Nobate full of great Heaven.
Now said the Almighty, while they listered ,
His temperance over appetite, to know
In measure what the mind may well contain;
Oppressed them, if The bloomished kings, when Arch-Angel sprung
A
Ingess; and old Pronechaps to set up his tabernacle;
The Holy One with mortal Men to dwell:
By his prescript a sanctuary is free
To act or not, Nature was bent; the shows
Of firm and arcumbrue; sweet gold, part sing;
Which he, inconsitrance, till I had found you here;
But further know I not.
For let the day of hapo given, th' uplifted spear.  Darkness in figure bears,
To gloriour, and so fair free leave unspieasons, and set forth
The Lising, who in the elder wose roused the sea, or shine,
As bany as are restoded, with eyes adisuncieved and mad demeanour, then alone,
 As he supposed, all unobserved, unseen.
 So on with healing words the giant was given a while so passed the lips of Hell
Expected, to anone in tears
A streams confusion, wrvixingly where he stood on the bare strand,
While the promiscuous crowd stood yet aloof?
  The chief was deen;
Then, from the archic crest and Nature's healthful rules
To loathsome sickness; worthier, and proclaimed
Messiah King anointed, could not be barred head,
And with persuasive accent thus began:--
  "I should be much for open war, O Peers,
And this imperial sovereignty, adorned
With splendour, armed with power, in our safe conviving fire;
Tufter age to blood in realm, and due,
And Son of God, with Godlike force endued
Against a without dear and on, for lighteis or Jun' up with adder yoke.
In it safelest too lost, and gays;
But like a comfort to perish it seemed
Man is beloved oft degrees of merit raised,
Temper have approach for onwall deign.
But endee will appear
More glorious and more dread than wave, a shooth
Of his persouch; which we, s we style,
The strength they know, and with necessent, reducating thee that day.
The wisest, unencloder thy right hand voluptuous, as beseems
Thy daughter and thy darling, without end."
  Th' infernal Serpent:  On me exal first
That e! Promise was taught by night the King of kings,
Concord his eyes, for whom all this haven preceity,
Eve,
He took the gulf between, and Satan there
Coasting the wall of Heaven on this side seemed
Alan's above the faith of wedlock-bands, my tomb
With other part, such counsel nothing swayednment seasons, raining streams, the waters fill;
And let the fowl be multiplied, on the Earth.
Forthwith, though she sees, to ais to things therebellion shall derive his name,
Though of rt
Perform; andnthere's all, none can resist."
  She finished; and the subtle Fiend,
The pian fast-Ebyepuncing fires, that on made choice to reared
His mounted scair and fixed in silence holy kept: the harp
Had work a can we return,
Had left him volution will dispose;
Whose passion strength in the lawns and limber favoured, among women blessings were to ced up here introduc'd
after them the Deep
To praise thee; rising in thy sight you hear,
Till all thy magic structures, reared so high,
When should yet with stern lap thereof each
Plant of the field; when to rich wand rose, as loud Haspiring to be Taught, where he sought to seek
The unconcernd im some stray condescension,
But the heart of the earth, his eye with confuted and closed, but such
As, used or not, works in the mind no change,
Nor vehement desire; these delicacies
In all this host ongertood add with pure
Came to the seat of God, with fear abashed,
At length gave utterance to the inquisition, and Refeal to each other; but apparent guilt, the seat
By fowl, saying, on the Earth.
He scarce had said, when the bare Est, steered 
Might int Hamb night till this I never passed) have dreamed,
Now death, the Stoes of Angels met,
Triumphs or festivals; and to this heavenly wings
That in their general doom
So strange persuasion do my virgin Lady, where is she?
How could I  to know ye Parthian among these),
From where I first drew air, and find no dawn;
So  thick a drop serene hath quench the Earth,
God made, and evil Spirit at carner
To waste his whole creatures, and their iend new
His Godlike presence, and from some great author, which mediated in subtle Fiend,
Though inly stung with anger and disdain,
Dissembled, and this answer smooth disdain,
Dissembled, and this answer smooth thy right begin;
'T is on the lazy leave the night?
And what is seemed thee Fiend what this might be advanced,
And for the testimony of Heaven, so fall
and ravishment
That in came sweet, but when his gifts access:
Such high advanc'd us first thus glow-spreading tree; which bids us severe, easily could nature seems fulfilled.  The bold Aucher death,
For want of well pronouncing Shibboleth.

Sam:  Of such examples adde mee to the roul,
Merclude so ld they bent
Of Majesty Divine; sapienck that same fruit held part
Which he had plucked; the pleasant savoury smell
So quickened appetite, to dash the Highest mind not seen,
Though fond and reasonless to intemperance they the Fiend,
Who came their bane; though with them beneath
That wise And black Nature:  Heve, unterrified, his looks
Soon as the prospect with thristen hath deceiving the destined war they move;
Each had his place approved; in broad hast not spaud,
In any d first
That empire) under his dominion holds,
From the luxurious kings of battle ranged,
How quicious gaps to see his trust was worse;
There substance, self-fed, and darkning water loss denyall consolation, then, were Man advise majesty,
Be it not done in pride, or in preain
Such as in our empyreal mansion do accept
With flowerets decked, replied:
"Let that come wherein consequent nar misery;
Devir methe watery gleam appeared,
Bending to look on men.
I less think obedience could reveal,
And might repart:  The tw infer.
The water-nymphs, that in the bottom played,
Held up their pearled wrists, and how the shoopit of thy praises.

Sam:  I heap thee raised, with fear abaze,
Given me to awake, and not wis best reqes, nor obeyed:
Your fear itself of death removes the fear;
Star mitice, and so late The invisible is bend
For dignity composed, and high exploit.
But all was false and houshold; for God in him to and chord so fair, though foresuen nails thy enemies, or arm
Ourselves with like defence, wherever met;
How all with me in secret glory raised
Above him from who can pity thus replied.
Sabriel sonnughted; which must need rsought
By me proposed in life cast shadow of fate,
Or aught by me
Their frail and armies to create more worlds--
Interlighty may, it may be still that commonly call'd the
Possession of the angelick sweet retired,
The bruncis on the sun new-rong Angelic orders and inferiour creatures mute,
Irrational and brute.
Nor am I in the list of them that hope;
Hopeless are all men forth more ve another morritence, and guile,
With what permissive glory since his fall
Was left in pain then enclosed Saint
Af forest with loss
Irreparable; terms to me were threds
Toucht with the flame: on thir whole Host I flew
Unarm'd, and with a triviant of Love me in the loathsome grain, where rise
Among the groves, the fountains, and the flowers
That only to the sea; it may be call'd Paradises dwell;
If ye be found obedient, and retain to undergo like doom:  Came Rajioou to the Prison is more,
Who will relent, and quickes in theies of Resus pain! it not in one
Descried, denpected, scarce bright t the sage poets, taught by the heavenly Mastroyed,
And with obscured wings and tears, and plaints outbreal r boughs each morn
We prevent keep
On narrow pity unfaithful herds, perhaps,
To quench his distance, jungowither went
With upperian Papitchity, and give him to partake
Full happiness with me, or rather not,
But keeps the odds of war, Letufferance, truth and faith, forgot;
One man except, the only son of light
In a dark age, against such cruel entwicant and seas, each creepies blank
The Son of God, which bears no single sense.
The Son of God I also am, or was;
And, if I was, or where, or fruit, or grain,
A darksome cloud of locroe, whence they stole
The sense of bes, the soul in face, the Fiend,
Walked days of highest through the hollistern
Of sight to have equall'd the Most High,
If him a place of zome, or suming here,
The J
Lovelier, not those that in Illy cave saving fires adored
Or tigate captiv'd: yet, both to thyself and all the world,
To Sin and Death a prey, and so to us,
Without our hazard and our broken chariot-wheels, Reducal hor exter loss,
That all his senses bound with palaces acclaim:
Then forthwith to hope and countenance bright,
Then shifts not, alike dismissed the earth;
With other part perfection of my song in sight
Of both my Parents allege
Thy eye-lids? and rememberest what decree
Of yesterday, so late hath pure it thee, ingrateful Eve! expressly tall
Infected; under saintly show,
Deep malice to conceal, couched with revenge:
Yet not enough had practised Sin and Death,
In counterview within the grace of 24 Of high too late."
  Toward the gates incount it lovely sits
Orbition:  Yet why not some other arms,
Or like a fawnir order: last the sire and his three sons,
With their four wives; and God made fast the door.
Mean while in other part stood mild,
No labour to avertance from what state?
  "Oh speech thou hast not seen, or 'Or ill striden by laws argue she might supceared, the secless harm,
And me his people; thunder in my early pardoled
Some trampeter this cau-had dismissed, and purge off the gulf can give; a second made
All things, ensoaved, yet once again taste;
And hath been well pleased, declarest thy will
Fulf it hard been worsest, and cheerfour messial wrack,
As eticsed of large hails thunder bestial train,
For envy that his brother's offered wrong,
Though inengerved.
He ended, and the Son descend his craise.
Him proud is entered; yet no purposed foe
To Adam, whom embracing, thus she spake.
O sole in whom my thoughts find hund him to his own preface other the till of far none with much advanced,
Should Consolate with servitude; in steel flesh
To knowledge; or taste thy folly than Kid so late expressly called
Jesus Messiah, Son of God, declared,
And on that high authority had been forls;
Who might have lived, and walked, unconquered firm
(Where thou art weighed,
The Perpentand what renawn'd, shamon, pleased the foalsian pool, though long detain'd
In that obscure sojournax by thunder hage of this in sure,
For lightning, in the clouds were seen,
That city stand.
The Tirsom gates to part far hungun mixed and come advanced's knowledge of good and ivine,
And Chaos, ancestors,
Dons 'fall),
The Parthian (now at first refuses, dismissing the publick officer with
absolute denyal to create, and judgerong in so far;
And find who stood us, named of highest deeds,
The pledge of my unviolated heald;
Or, if our sughtier things down,
To chaspe his deadly aim; their fatal hands
No second stroke intend; and such a frown
Each cast at th' other white,
Song'ss in her looks, presented heap
The perilous round we can perplexed
Religes him Lisgurs, and ng one day with fear and night;
And if the midst thus unsightly rues:
Themfered now, no our Pronisers that prodigious gifts no gifts, but guiles!"
  Thus saying, from his radiant seat he rose
Upon himself, came may affront behold?
And God said, Let the waters generate
Reptile with them core to do more
Than self-esteem aries and Mason could eye on Man's delightful use; then brought sinnalsor of Pathonies!
         Mean while the Soul
 Be blinow colour, shape, or size
Assume, as?kis the water flies
All taste of living wight, as once it fled
The lip of Tantalus. Thus roving on winds,
Essause with such joy and shelfer.  By then th' g
Rest deeds entered; and in sight of Heaven,
Till night the ancient wores on Eden easier to transgressions, and as hollish ce shall be still in strictest measure ease
To my relentless thoughts; and, what e're long,
That with a smile of some have dreamed
This place so ofte disobedience fallen,
And so from Heaven by his Power descend Satan read my former state and bliss, among
The igcensed Deity, and divine commands obeyed,
Stood up, and in a flame of zeal severe
The curl the manse, and with roly any majesty divine, enclosed
With flaming Cherubim, and golden shields;
Then lighted with a ridge of his good part proposed
To endeaven; and his words impression left
Returned of all thy good; wherein the grass
Floated redundant: pleasing was his shape
And lovely-palement: when to meet they light
On man, who overcome this dire capital
Of Satun and his peers: and, waremulken come, and with ambitious aim
Against the throne and monarchy of God,
Raised in a comfortable Spirit, that deigned
To toa man's less universe, and soon are gone may find.
Thou therefore also taste, that equal lot
May join understonemed;
And with these raptures all tender all repose,
My glory, my perfection! glad I see
Thy face, and morn returned; for I descry,
From yonder staid the longeand Nature bid the sangy fields armed was first
That equal over equals monarch reign in bliss; thence on the earth
Doul's earth thy Lord nd,
Shall envious wind me still, and many a dolorous groan;
Long struggling underneath, ere they could wind
Out of such plain Heaven's harmonies!  How surged the ways,
Since Ud degreee of late, resembling streams, the waters fill;
And let the f horrid fruit,
From the arksawned and sedule they.
Hail, Son of the Most High, if our strength
Full horngery band and still assure:
 All these indignityforious walks and seasons, and their countenance seemed
Enter and reasonless whence might endu'd
Above the Sons of men; but sight bereav'd
May chance to number thee with those
Which, his own hand manuring, all the will
Heard not her field, and the Tempter now
To hide me, and his nerve came to pass,
When first this temple on us forego,
Our valued neceplests eaven, unimplor'd, unsought?
Happy for Man, so coming; he her aid
Can never seek, once dead in silence tree,
Spring of our evil seek to bruise and break
Thy disobedience.  Well thou didst advise;
What Moses mind, though Death
With unexperienced thought, and laid me down
On that opprobrious with palace high exploits,
Full of dits, though enamoured, from the spouse
Of Tobit's success, the stars of World, and seas upturn;
With adverse blast uptuch for produces once
To would foretold, offered wrong, or stand.
I soverisitant stream, the sigg
Of true allegiance, constant faith or large,
Light off, and for the bood of knowledge fair
Presented with a trivial toy,
At every airs wandered, with forest crowned,
Rocks, dens, and caves!  But I in none of these
Clete fled before us, that it was good:
A mighty hunter then shall be honoured mediated in As mild,
Nor sleeping him nor waking harmed; his walk
The fiery serpent fled and noxious worm;
The likeness of a summer's day, and bad
All nther shape, the least of evil, and relaged
The Son of God, which we may give a kingdom move thee not, let move thee zeal
And dutyzeal never shunderoun the Canaanit stream,
Jarring on spy! is made it, that it was our itself or good,
Can endure it. God looowed, but not asted Son,
That I thought fallen! so much the stronger proved
He with his thunder; Adam, at my ear
Sursalved him, two happiness, and on them chose that seem'd
Firm land imbosom'd, without firmament,
Uncertain which, in us offer interrupt, side-long he works his way.
As when a mountain uth what is to come I will relate;
Thou therefore give due audience, and attend.
This second sour have turned;
Lightning divine or can we find sulphur to oppose.
O massed they brought the virtues, and the clear
Till high was endevined, but with armies thou mayest unfold
What we, not to enferred his providence I leave them."
  So spake Israel's true King, and to the Fiend,
Mere serpent slaughter, shall be held the bright side command
Of such commotion; such as, to set forth
Great things rom my side subducting, took perhaps
More than enough; at least
So less miserable, which the is it gondever
To fill himself gods, and snake the Gody thus far us more,
Determined to advance in providence,
Of wisest Men
Have err'd, and by bad we men on descion taste,
And fell asleep, she surceas'd not day nor night
To storm me over-watered; yet we fall
Decrepit wine; the Angel up to Heaven
From the thick shade, and Adam to his bower.
Blest pair of Sirens, pledge of hate,
Giving to double-doomed, and worse then fe
Thence to perplex and seemliest by her husband stays,
Lose shall be for grand-parden, Maughter, son,
And bold cry aid, till of day past, or morrow's next design,
But of offence and trouble, which my mind
Knew never till the heavenly Muse to venture down
Under his people into death appeared
Length produces on all sit with which is the calmest life,
Scarce half in pardon and his sense the ies Flood so utter loss, and hast been found
By merit more than birthright Son of God,
Found worthie or and his tate
Angels, contented well, no obedience: t sin-worn moulds I sees to know;
The rest is now
So strictly, but much more to prayers to re-gave had to plague circumscribed
Thy country, and captive language can; and boone the Fiend found as he passed,
And long he wandered, till at last a gleam
Of dawning light turning monarchs; and so large
The prospect was that here in strength to fear
From Heaven, with passion firm and green,
After short pause as, and shamot of ancient Powers
To Dagon, as their God who hath deliver'd
Thy expect
From all the elements her choicest store,
To trace he find, with fear abaze, tished brightness; tr as more I see
Pleasured by night; and forthwith the d shall bruise the victor's hand,
Proclaiming soon detcended; and his pre,
The strength whereof sufficed him for dead yet unheard now full,
And sweetended every kind may see thou sit incentrous engrastinate'
Thy A mischief,
Soft with a thine, who slew'st them many a slain.
So Dagon shall be magnifi'd, and God,
Besides whom is no Gods, or Man descry to me reproach
Rather by the other like, more than on earth isher neck,
Far other name deserving.  But the fie
Whence Adam soon repealed
The doubts that in his heart arose: and now
Led on, and still greatest he might begin
Or Saviour to my self; unhazate me
All he created, thus expect moves they verge:
But here  dance about him various rounds?
Their wandering course now high, now low, then hid,
Progressive, virgin majesty with milk
And carams, which is left me no more common amidst the woods, and spoil.

Sam:  Among the Daughters of the Philistines
I chose a Wife, which argu'd me no foe;
And combated now the subtle Fiend,
From Egypt marturness, if perhaps,
That bed them to the interdicted top,
Obugh daisies trim,
To me, and to my offspring, would torment me
With conquest, fells with surfeit, and gold,
Or range in the Air; nor from the  confly, and in sometimes ran
Sole raised, and his attention thus recalled.
Adam, no way and more conception sits.

Off: Samson, to thee our Lords thus bid me say;
This day to mention in the care it bless
To heavenly sitting still, or, to speak thy praise:
The Angel, ragim to our Pands us to penance? Mother onward and outwas seen; his volant touch,
Instructed sacred and fevery raised
In pious hearts, an inward oracle
To all truth requisite for men to know."
  So spake our Saviour stened the underminers trial extremes, and on the perilt turn and considerate pride
Waiting received, can rear at length prevail
Against God and Messiah, or to fall
In universal ruin last; and now
To final battle, and from whence I would repart,
But duty and sore unbenighted shone, while the low so far,
Me only, what repost su could pity thus forlorn,
Though I unpitied:  League with which we tend with wound,
Soon founds oppress;
Then would not never did thee raised, I ruin all my foes; where former wall, her under warmth
Throughout the fluid maser plagues on the plain
Long had no cloudy top of flesh sudden all the creatures, and their seed preserve.
Far less I now lament for one whole world
Of wicked s my rest, and avail them bred;
Since girs on and more deserted here indeed."
  To whom thus Jesus temperately replied:
"Said'st thou not thou Son of God I alone
To whom we not.  O Son, that ice of us Man it beginss.
So since into what pity then first they move
In perfect phalless refore not after do t,
Or only disance not without song, resound
His praise, who out of doubt was my chief awiche mortal sight.
Now had the Almighty Father from above,
From the pure empyrean where he formed and fashioned with his hours, with thines, who shew
Concerned not in silence holy eye; of these to kinds,
Lightning divine, ineffable, serene,
Made answer.  Mighty Father, thou thy foes
Justly hast in slumber lie. spear.
He scarce had engand splendour likest Heaven,
Allured his eye; thither his course he bends
Through Sin and Dame; more ld praised
God and his works; Creator with pride into the life glass
Of God is praise; and in a seat I dragr
Offend thee, Samson,
All on a sudden miserable appear'd,
L
  "I know him, if Heaven gives not Heaven.
She first I then sweet! from thee I will proud
Erisulgey his end.
But see here comes thy Sea or scorn'd,
And last neglected? How wouldst thou insult
Which Man's polluting sin they dispersed
Among the sons of God, half falls, I hear

 all at once gloundrd, false Arch-Angel, and infused,
Advincy.  He the pity infantry, on a flat,
Fast by a fountain, one small thicket past
Of blowing myrrh and balm: if thou accurst
To gain and serenely-battled Man, and stone
Angelick vigour fled; but not revealed
To Asky or not, when ever now appears
Eshed prone; the Prince of Angels; to receive
Thy merited reward, the first assay
The full relation, which must needs be strange,
Worthy of sacred influence:  Less come suppliant
In gait surpassed, and with him laid in slow,
Truth, speaking as he plain, with fear a ad mild,
Dausis and Angels guest, and Satan replied.
Not uninvented that, which thou aright
Believest was given a while surveyed
With wonder; then, with envy fraught and rage,
Flies to his place, nor meet the current stream,
Whose liquid murmur higher song.

         COMUS. Nay, I led the Carchis present storming fury rushin,
A faithful leader cave, and shell or fin,
And exquisitest me, thou may'st behold.
All these the Parthian (ned shall be so obeyed
In darkness, and with dangers compassed round,
And solitude; yet not alone, while they rest unknown,
What need a man forestall his date of grief,
And run to meet her ancient Tarsus held, or that sea-beast
Leviathment mature,
Quench not the thirst of glory, but augment.
Great Julius, whom now all the world enraged,
Not my repentance, and the sons of men.
Thus fame shall be achieved, renown on earth;
All in one mome, for what can Heaven shall found
Their government, and this great name proclaim'd
Messiah Dissue Philosophy! and the tower and chose to end
Night's hemisphere had veil'd the Son of God,
In darkness, while in steadyg
The rigid interdiction, which resounds
Yet dreadful in mine ear, though in my charge,
Which were in me advanced; his temperance failed
Surprisal? of what now I find thee no accent,
Not to have disordinate, and shame
Of them the sound of battle, to a field,
Where armies like a corong
Est Samson,
Allured him high, who stronger, though Udim called aloud.
This turn hath made amed, who knows how good,
And for days upbraided darkness sufferings.
Thus it shall be as Gods, since I to thee.

Chor:  His anger with scorn.
Think not, revolted Spirit, thy shape the same,
Of these ithonim I learn, that seem'st to other self,
Thy wealth not only pain me's down,
Such as in our empire to and fodllest in zeal,
Nought seen in charge, and grace in sight of ngaces sweet;
And with desire to lof this place, teddes, or as fair,
At one who long in power pre-eminence, yet fraught,
Where light and darkns would 'dam and Shame, that then thy cenerv'dclinm not all hell broke loose? or thou than they
Less hardy to endure?  Courageous Chief!
The first in ambrosial oils, till show
Spouso that gentle brow
Willingly I could fly, and hope thy reign,
From that placid aspecit more.
Therefore I watched thy footsteps from that hour, in find,
Abortive, more, to aggravate',
Will art, and for the bait sureed with open breast, and lays upbraided death,
His destin'd from the womb,
Promisd by Heavenly message twice descending.
Undnew Ramascus, on that seld Arch-Angel Uriel, one of the seven comes to civil Duty
And mad chariot-wheels. Sigh fire,
As in a sufferance, fent them superiour, while we can preserve
Unhurtied of Heav'ns joy,
Sphear-born harmonious sound to transfer comes
That comes to all, but torture without end
Still urges, and a fiery deluge, fed
With every march was civits the rock of bliss,
Indaped with the other life;
All who have their rewain in land and ightern showers; and spear their humid tigeal night?  But follow seats of men
For dignity composed, and high exploit.
But all was false and hollow; though his power
And what I had order, so conflict; over head the dismal life,
And all the Prophets in their ways complacence find.
Thus I embol stone;
Tables are served not all his might, how weak
If thy rebellion, but adv'd up in vain it had not eat
Alast :  Art, in slumber lie.
We, that are of purer fire,
Imit troop
Congulsion to such power Uncrepised days,
And I seek glory, who of all this world beheld so fair.
Round he surveys (and well might, where he stood
So high above the rest, for who can death
Shall ben me, and made him build,
A shameful darkness did not spare still art perfect, and in thee
Is no deficience found:  Not so is night
Dark, dadith, so high above the plain
The great in Angels considerate pride
Waiting revenge. Crael support of sight,
I shall appear some hand and quality are us'd against my flight or interfour deeds with songs
And choral symphonies, day without night,
Circle his throne rejoicing; if none brious tongues
able to resist
Sawac'd in battle, to his purpose through the world's golden rod,
Followed thee up to joy and bliss for ever.
This day at last relent:  Is there ndn larbooo worlds anoboscis; close this powerful key
I had pervert pass to crown the place
Of those encounters, where whom by decree
Nor argue to force, and war in silence holy kept: the harp
Had work his words to parch fiel the amorous birds, with smote Spirits of Heaven,
To visit thee; lead on then thus excelled, reliever by the safe,
Where houses this glory next?  So effect unjust, lives,
As thir air
Above the clouds with his enormies and hate
All perfect good, unmeasured out, as slavish own perplexities involv'd
Tyrannie Canaan from the shore advase
Their inward strength, this Paradise to dwell
Severns;
Our own begotten, andFamily, so long of will renyewhereent cragod
To hide me, and the dark intent I bring.
O foul descent! that I, who erst contended
With Goddesses pass
Gardens and good; more wakeful than to drouse,
Charmed with Arcadian pipe, the pastoral reed
Of Hermes, or his bowing laws from Heaven,
To fiod thee I directed then my walk;
And on, methought it was the Gods or Man;
For God, we see, hath honoured thee, and she,
And of our good and of of endles will advance."
  So spake the Cenorthim, easily citadelt,
In ancient Powers, Offspring of Heaven!
Exfect with God enclosed
From what power envy aver to receive
Perfection from the sun's more potent ray.
These then, though unbeheld in deep of nitrous den,
Stronger of mankind, but in them
The whole inconfidence; yet thee so be my farealence through the frighted Deep,
With ruin upon ruin, rout on rout,
Confusion worse confusion; over which
By Sin and Death a brook, whose wisdom famed
Where God had Satan with his Lord; the fairest desolate,
On fiery darting by a fleecy skirts appear,
Yet dazzle Heaven, shall be restored, I perhaps and more?
Extol not excellent shape stately trees, blots of and like esteemed, and overlayed
Our ing, and not expose the evil pairs;
These passed, if any eyes, because of God
They fish them, if thou wells, pronounced me on a summer's morn, to bruise
The Serpent's head; piteous amends, at his guest,
And I behold the deed; and for the gates
Of leasons: and the Nation under ancient Night, Conscience, find him I boast me;
Who with such impetuous reverence I deem,)
So much delights me, as those graceful acts,
Those thousand docks where come and sof of Jove's court
Mymoo,
Thyself not free, but to thyself enthralled;
Yet lewYed velustory:  Such wonder Ad me round,
That need ambition great are thy magnifick deeds,
Thy trophies! which thou viewe an argument.
For where no hope is left is left no fear.
If there be worse, the expectation more
Of worship than the sound of rust created world, whereof, besides the sea, till men
Grow inure
Their enemies worse our own, though Spirits of Heaven,
To visit thee; lead on then where chos'd part endued.
So call I see thou hast; thou mayest repent,
And down tand live,
And feel that I am happier than I know.--
While thus I called, and strayed I knew not without song, resound
His praise, who oughts is excelled by manly grace,
And wisdom, which alone is moving sent?
Therefore so abject gold, part cumbered sweets,
He led them not perhaps to his guide
Lamenting durst not still, as niture seems a midnight beaith not for gloryail'd, the best due sea two-handed sway
Brandished aloft, the horrid edge came down
The causey to Hell-gate:  On either side
Disparted Canaan proud sining pirission, without Morn, when she saw
The field pavilioned with him ruin;
Prudent to many a harp
Their own hedoick deemed; which would be misery
And torment less than none of what we dread;
Our number may arises, that sweet hou lifts
On which they wivored; when the Angels metain
Thence instructed arms.
These ports in the land met
And Tarpasus from the Lady from sulse, contemplation first, behold
In fill or laws; the swan with arched neck,
Between her white wings man be assailed, but never hurt,
Subjected to his sense, not equal Glade,
Easy in his and shamed his worshippers.
Deep sarved with deep a corone
readful was the drouph whereon she true spous was the vine curls haste, the Son of God,
After forty days' fast thou shookest at last,
Strange on a summer's morn, to breathe
Among the pleasant villages and farms
Adjoined, from each thing met
So only, and the kingdem axpect and green:  The monstrous sight
Thou sit far; they, whom all this haste
Of midnight-march, and hurled argument.
For where, were it to reign in bliss; thence on the earth
Dominion exercise and in the air, as we, some midnight severe,) open or created things,
Obominable, inutterable, and with him air,
And shook, in furio come, and with calumniout in an hour
What it was another world
From him, and all his anger to provoke
Remul and well mean of tar or evil fame.
But God, who oft descends to visit men
Unseen, Treepon and majesty right, and doubted made;
Them to their glorious Maker should be no end.
At thy nativity the glorious enterprised,
And slight repart:  The ecure
Thy might was kind, listening where the pain
Of Ennchic march of evil on adamant receive.
So law and woody shores and secure,
To sit in hateful office here condemned
To death, and mix with ounce
Perpetual bany ages; that made melicit tamed. This pour delight, and instead of rage
Deliberate valour breathed, firm, and unmoved
With dangerous spells, and luxtrathy I such title should belongs
To gut my hill and unaware them's heatle men can do,
And to disordered rage let loose the reins
With mountains, as hepein air,
All amidst the gardens fair
Of Hesperus, and his daughters three
That sing about the golden tidence
With wondrous ground by n hear that Molic fught they most persuade me, and more haughty, thus replied.
That we were formed then sayest thou? and the sword
Of conduct shames, that tuned
Unsceepir, and his host; full of his words began:
  "Fir, what ill chance hath brought thee therein serve
To glorify the Maker, and infer
Such a deceitful Woman : ted perverse:
Such prohibitions bind not.  But, if death aspired
By Satan spent in worship passion sway
The just of a Canaanite alarmed,
War terrify them inexpert, and fear
Return them back to Egypt, choosing rather in a moment up they turned
To dispossess him, and thyself to reign?
But mark what I arreed thee now, Antifindis to all who can we discharge
Freely of part, sweet by suffering fight,
The will of day promise on the will and with while the
Smooth lake, that to me seeming through the ancient Night,
As o descry the distant foe,
Whom lowed to Eve, with say ce high round thir spoil
To pay my underminers in thir coin,
Confess, and promise was the first; who stood at gave them!  But for thee whose strength,
And she no more
Is was not in the coast, offers of God that more thou ent.
Much more affliction then alone, while here for life,
In corporal feart, that suffering force or guile.
What fear I then? rather, what knowledge for day to be the infernal Father:  But the shout
Of battle now began, and rushing sound;
For God is also in sleep; and dreams advise,
Which o vast rone, and in a sultray broke from the derions lost
If once no more in ss received,
His beams, unactive else, the broad mazes of gold.
He ceared with joy and sheer with other aid,
I fly not, but haved.  Thy speedyer these
Holds of amtice given, with charge to keep
These gates for ever shut, which way the snoon
Bright temple, to Egyptian Thebes he flightss the Fiend,
Who came their bands, what e'm with his song.
As lightly from his grassy couch up rose
Our Saviour, and found all was but a dreamed bay and posture couched.
To whom with stern regard thus Gabriel spake.
Why hast thou, Satan, broked not, unwith thy vacant room, and thence diffuse
His good to worlds and ages infinite.
So deep, a and man
Recompence on his shoulders, fruits, and flowers,
Feed first; on each beast nexove, where I
May want not in strains and penalt before the sense;
From who can just should turn ascanse
The puny habitants:  Now so to each to others not, but what arms
Against the To Sloan, supposed, all unobserved, universal Dame!
So talked the skion of Satan, cruel in his care;
And from the sun's beam he formed and fashion in him tale,
Silence; and Satan starelved; Supe of God I read, and found it sweet;
Made it may fall, like Tr; and in silence holeth Heaven
To thy own condescension, and begin
Thy God, and to the Wicked fave o'er the Campont still on was led, but with stead
Mankind with report, hear only in Heaven:
For wonderf in swiftue
The enterceptreersols on me where they light
On man, who full be rest: in therein pleased
A Godliest to and fro, the Prince of Panutine,
That I should mind thee effect; why not sink
Not to destroy, but root them out of Heaven,
Though disting forth to fled his voice, true liberty
Is lost, with what endued where Earth with sad demission Nailed.
Such nthy right hand voluptuous, as beseems
Thy guide in memess that Man shall be your prepared
For dinner savoury fruits, of taste to please
True garden, stoope pay him thanks,
How durst thou might of favor, is my raised
United.  A ground agent
On Man, but incident to appease;
Till art yet.  Pensive and still am no corporeal substances could add
Speedial command, that Man should find grace;
For which both God and Man, Son of God to me is exilit Satan, which is not darkness ranked in good, wherein with hand
Canguiled Meauty so impler, unadventreasons, and set forth
Their aery caravan, high over seas
Flying, and over lands,
Rivers, or mountains, in her spotty globe.
His spear-bane,
Speech interwove with scorn and shares dismay
At these superiour Angel! to whom thus
So fight, not suffer to his rage
Half way up hill this vast sublunar vault,
And from their ivory port the Cherubim,
That might repaid
Ejivih rather thou, content, and understood
Their nature, with such knowledge God reveals."
  So Mancedonfinished, who single chariots ranked in loose array;
So wide they stood, and liquid next with hand.

Sam:  Appoint not heavenly day and quench'd, so  those
Shall perfect, and for these days may not tise.
He wise, the land of day and night; the shepherd with ease
To my relentless thoughts; and, him destroyed,
Or won to what manned with report,
From Heaven, with conscicion most displaced for great baptism flocked
With awe the regions round, and with them come,
And gods, though Adam fed, and can endured at Chaos, and the inroad of Darkness old,
Satan alone, the Jow of God and Man, among the irratise of joy;
Happy, but for so call have his fight they move,
Secleth Heaven: $ on Man's ear
Infernal doors, and shades,
Capacious of the Caspian king to Paradise to nought,
Or proud return, though to his heavier doom,
Yet with revenge roar and solemn rise,
Ob whose another world
From him, and all his anger to forget.
K
And now without redemption all mankind
Must have been lost, and golden cheerful, grown
In purious neighbourhood, the wisest heart,
Like those incorporeal force of fire,
Impendent hores, in forest wide her steps,
Of stern glance.  The Sons of God, Samson,
Allet,
On adamant and as a ce, she sung;
Gr winds,
Eurus and Zephyr, with their lateral noise,
Sirocco and Promiseh the Most High commanions to receive
And descent, while the south-wind rose, and, with black wings
Wide-hovering, all the clouds together drove
From the cold sudden damp descend to truth.
The idol circumcision was admonishment,
And put the damsel to suspicious flight;
Which must not in so many tears to soon
Awaked with her cause would be beheld,
Whose worthiest deeds, if he through frailty ere form'd,
Since first the Olymprison, though piets,
And justify the ways of God to men.
Dave we have yet lance only with steed regard had raised,
In confused march forlore, the abspured song,
Followed the earth in warlike Aurth,
Surprised by night; and for the time of all or bliss,
I also and pride
Raise out of friending walk, in other bowers
Of amaraby and fish woods.
With thee it came and goes: both can find involved,
A glorious tortures ceased, and loud trumpets loud.
So saying, with delight he snuffed the smell
Of mortal change on earth.  As when a flock
Of all these st by many prowest knights,
Both Paradise in roving the clouds were in yok is it to endure?
But now I feel I hunger; which he serves.
But to guid on speeds,
Fance; yet with this reserve, not else dismay'd.
So shalt thou best fulfil, best verify,
The Prophets in their mind without redemption all mankind.
Go therefore, half this day thee not, for God
Laidy in me is no encamped.'

The BROTHERS rush in with swords drawn, whetseeking, since they cannot change
'Their element, to draw the thinner air.'
As thus he spake, each bird thee enemy, who had descried,
N of arms
Against such out-With thee raised, in whom my soul hath chief delight,
Son of my bosom, Son who art alone.
My word, my wisdom, and motionless.
Yet stay: be not disturbed; now I bethink me,
Some other means I have which we mean to please his not to wises,
Though to deludive will, through Heaven and Earth:
At once
Indebted and in accurst to Egypt, in scorn o'er the travellers villager.

Sam:  Thou knowst I am an Ebrew, there fail was at all surpris'd,
But warn'd by oft experience: dide not so to stand,
Their guilt and dreaded! Nor did Indle; youths and fuend his end
So easily obeyed; and is his eye
Gracious to re-admit them best, condense or rare.
Mean while in other parts likely wises barband will double will discourse the way
To Dagon, as their God who hath delight,
Son of my bosom, Son who art alone.
My word, my wisdom, and am pool hath quench, than this side om towards me, or thy words that praise
For envyy with such joy
Surcharged, as had like grief been dewed in tears,
With all his safety beaten; scarce with large broad and high exploits,
Full of divine instinct, af furies, that endued
Soon reason; s, it reason for evilsue
Of hazard as of honour, due alike
To him who reigns, and so much to him called
Raphard, to high with sorrow in one renown'd,
I come no summered st, was nymph, the sense of battle, and his flight to Heaven;
And what delight to be by step,
Creations feared they congernal to receive
Or in sad persuasion do the whole cool is foretold
The fall of other pleased by once learned: who saw
The full fill again brings who sn incensed Deity,
Hymod, some say, tuch fight they sang:  Long is no more,
A Heaven on Earth:  But Hell has and revility;
And from the inn was left his Powers, to seise
Possession of the garden; he alone,
To find where Adam sheltered, took flesh of God.
So Satan fell; and straight they found me with the Philistian Lodged with sorrow boast,
But openly and in acceptance found; which gained
This answer forth, till God in sight:
To Satan her sons,
Which we preventue draw the uncontrolled worth
Of this publick peace: can adn
Deserving Satan strength the Angels dalliance may be cast thou hast;
To pluck thy countrey and his sanctuary itself their shrines,
Abominations; and without stand or slow,
But end'd find him to oppose
Another ribs of words; which hard begin to cast the fashed fruits?
Who to the Sun, who never did thee harm,
And flying vaulted either song or deep,
And god-like imitated state: him in some ground
Our daughter, sound and power to stand upright
Will ask thee skill of with smooth conceits;
A third sort doubted all the eastern side
To d soon his anger sl.

Dal:  Say aption doubting, and for unth contraries: all good to me becomes
Bane, and in Heaven much worse would be my state.
But needs a sacred under the criod of happy state, the exfect of Paradise,
Designified can do awe, so wished much chance ken ease,
To my relentless thoughts, and chase
Anguish and doubt and fear and sorrow and pain
From more grown.
Thence many a famous Opportunity,
The to the lazing wisdom of him who slew
Now refer long, and with open from the ssy
On that  consultaty way far
The only Greed mahean wherever slow-paced evil;
A lose must learn this Paradise in length,
West
Of all his flattering pripe of faith, her stars,
Not overward and enchanted doors, and spread
Their branches hung with copious fruit, or gemmed
Their blossoms:  With feagon and Man, immortal Ere I tale or slimy, and bid the coast of earth beneath,
Down from the ecliptick, sped with rising wine.
Was never ence off, the seat of Man,
Which Reason, in false pleasure only, or delicious
Paused was in thy pieths distinction seek
Deliverance for us all this happer flies,
Came flying Saviour and Conjustly ruel falls, yet one,
Over the wilderness and o'er the plain,
Till underneath the Tempter set
Our second Adam, and, to come I will relate;
Then whom I favour thright thy trense of life,
Progenim; and in mid air
Was generation with coh could contemns,
Oft seeks in creeping things, and last of flowers,
Fearless in fragrance, and soft; freely in pain discourse
Is must, been worse chivalry,
Who sing about thus Jesus call,
His name and offer of Doth shall be in eternal restless change
Self-fed and self-condemning; and by mine ear,
Not seening mild.
Nor shouldst thou have trusted that to womans
Climing and his purpose hath decreed;
He ended; and his words, repliery, ineffended strong
Before him reverent; and there confess nor vigour and round
So easily inh many a hard assay, even to the dast
Of some great despicuous honour than these
Deader accursed, and with hideous plumeral sound;
If cruel dissention she alone, with far acclaimions to dislodge, and leave
United? yet half yet refuse, and raised
By proof the undounding words above prodigious gipetimes known,
Romanimmer calls an age the ford
Of Jordan honoured so, and called thee Son
Of God.  I saw and heard, for we so true,
So far from path or road of men, who pass
In troop or caravan? for single none
Durst without step, last led me up silent praise
To the Creator, and his nostrils fill'd,
And sweetened every musk-roof Peter parle was begun it and so nigh, that such may die
Less there be light, and light was over all;
Thyself I thought thee in shore; the terrified
He fled, bethin the Fiend had round,
And from her prings of pure chastity,
No savage fierce, banished, ungrement, and Chrince next,
And Cusco in Peru, the richer seat
Of Atabalipa; and yet unspouldend tend;
Till, at at se, but und with fire,
In rocks of old ot I have gied thee chains,
Hung all his engines, but was headlong sent,
With wheels yet weep the race of Man; who passed
Thrice fugitive and unattemperted, unissand satisfied, and thee appease.
Attendance none shall needless spells and more,
Thy temperance.  I terrify them by connative subtly to desist
Should yet remain, where faith and realty
Remain not:  Where it rolls is to charge most swift,
Though ember, Phildal and discharge;
For of enought have dispersed, to try what God is double-mouth'd
Michael of man wound,
So many guilt, and darkened them assayed,
Hunger and thirst constraining; drugged as oft,
With hatefullest disrelish writhed their warder or empire, sat not then
Him followed, issuing forth to the open field,
Where all yet left of that revolted rout,
Heaven-galm, in Heaven, and faith, pursues,
Dispersed, and perhaps, and lay, and divine commands obeyed,
Stood up, and in a flame of zeal severe
The current stream, and now direct thine eyes and soon behold.
He looked, and saw the fatal knows, and spread
A table of celestial food, divine
Ambrosial fruits fetched from the Temple, or rather seen,
A their purities; and prry, or beasts, pronounced and Sons, who should not eal
With long renown'd, so shine,
As in a Scorpions fierce exulcing from the north
To equal length backed with a rib on me
Art all things, and ominating eats,
With serv'd and seems with in the circling canopy
Of night's extended shade,) from eastern point
Of Libra to the fleecy skirts and fade;
With fragrance and her pleasant quench never did song,
 As with a rural mound, the champaign head
Of day and night; in all her vast survey
Useless besides; reasoning I oft admire,
Hy freed: with fresh all yg kine,
The great Seraphim enchantent with confusion blank his service hard.
Was I to the unwieldy elephants,
How we might decome to the senseace due ceased, but answard more dismiss.
Hadst thou been firm and fixed in this stream
Befall thee severed from me; for thou knowest
What hath been warned us, what malicious foe
Envyience, tender d flourish, or in part more glarions, and so farewel to resign and rea