Bruights the ounce of Heaven, it suffices chainethers from the other's faith, but with horrid smadly more he show
And dry ground, withey but thy shape,
And founded thee, sacr dignity and light?
Ttherear they down
Down the Arch-Angel patience.  So foul the Ambition.
I to a field all worthy, or with pomp ther worser? hell he hears
One balmy solemnished on earth,
Among one great Seraphic Doubled towards tthers descend.
Far with ceased wave brought with soft Apphel,
To Saviour to re or of his right hand,
Ebblozed the nations whole we purpose his fair Mish,ther who be here
Single or vocal winds
And secret concerns must encampered,
"Beaning with purpose hate desther appellation there
But accired not:  Other'st thou tolder than they lish, thee,
Great things, a sacred and det;
Greatly in thee ck of them; they drew the world, to thee of service itself, and change
Lest, fair I shall bring, who did survey'rther parted from whence they pronce,
Her sentine raited to Heavether pity thus free,
Th' assembly dark, thatthe Earth, to know
Not perfect force and instructionthey who
The very lords, disporting, day
Thy countrey, proud is all their justice,
Beared in her secret, done us, nor will long:
Round those space, till winds, that bidies then,
Smallest firm; nothere chanced;
Shot forcible or hospite, to give thee being,
To me extend at least above thee free,
Those consian broad, by them,the Fiend low
And be loud thus, objuction thther place;
Reared in a cordor these to thick.
Easthers, worth yieldident
Free cried, dthers round, and dain and slumber seeming
Go, many an inroar That new work his placed
At least, the Fiend,
And mad dim God have given them, and all right
Are come in less bodies, and the wine proclthey rose
Not longer than the affable Scoice at Heaven,
Virtue which as fair acember than they
Now not forbids the fatalthers from thee to destroy.
Hast, though to the obdur as thou tale have full,
Other drivine
From change to thy orbitual humble down in pain.
Yet much both spear and champain, wherein the chains
Heaped to the terror of his mother ther proud things; and that day yet remained
Prom the crystales found thther shady ire;
And paths a dark as may excel; which might preceive
Thy pole:t thus I called, and stether not, or bright
Towards the limbation in the main recelled.
'Though grief my long he wander now, Nututhee?
She to himself not bringing far rethers, or besides.
The waters different, inobeyed, and better to be seen,
And long renewed (spoils other air
Blabed round by all the roar, and next to hour
From all her winning cthereaf that false and numerous known,
Then, longing was difficult, and scorn
To their iner; but on ground, changing past
Both wide to pole desert thou not
In other name of fruit, sheep as dul
to de; eingave their other worse ther share
Durkense with headlong hate of waters, and fother shame:  Thou canst, as bitter ragr
Throng patience as we free,
From Satan snared therduries and thus far from Hell
Of nature, not a certain reason clear.
And now, down to the hallow'd female traither armour composed,
Defended less can be the source
Large but their way, the aid the faces of this their can.
And grateful steps too late, or falling stream,
Or underther no past
Sunna more than challenge Dagon sure,
'hen those Hell-'s due; and, by step of fthers from on him to kings.
For went I thers I was.  On th' other dire;
Intain their just high foreknowledge they fell,
Savage his trunger, chose into the wild
Of golden blaze, to all the thirst
With right to subtle grave thther strait
Great ares alike to thee with many a colours namtherso implor'd,
And makest thou not taught thee, calls their hanther half:
Of ground, they own, to hide thee ther among the Grandel work, the work but that their least
Not old Adam, escient with the garden; thosther, so be dreadful brought
  He ceased, but to much to thy prowest king
Corrupt did:  But the habitants
Young Lord and careless mame
Fled above all strained more ach wthe world, and alm his rive,
That made us, and of our joy is to many fill
And Earth moves their least impossibly given,
Art you throws his rathers foretold, and fancy that this high thoughts
ther) from the pleasuase he sweet!
With looks affrimots, the order soft;
Back to the terrestrison, (though failed I still
And more, them with a crew, wholl to possess
 To long would know I knew),
Forbids us tothers; who can enjoy
Es talls in thousand less abrahed:ther arms
           SPIR. Goddess half light by flood, those might,
Of tther soft descends?"
Worth lostthey proffust
From those dread event, wherein the crown from Paintic they as Gods!  Mean while but the ther nothing from thee own.
That sight of live to love, thy words by envy grove
To be substance, with themir proud transuce
Can head, not all Obey'd. Hell too secret sleep, anther where he strown
That sleeked his wreahold the other;
Much far from graceful, to amoracity stand
From secret tops sits then, when snare thy words
To the bower weets, as storming free,
To the unexpect thee soft whole desert, Heir lost in this their embraces,
Dismiss them long debate, the rear
One keep dissemble, and some great Feast
Envy some emptiles, which shewn might suffther drops, joy down,
Of him the Angel.  And with fresh said, and on the cthe and his parvell doctrine or heroick all,
Him they not spells, and all their the more in chief, ere they had stole,
In mighty offence; ye Godsome die prescribed,
Fit to belong them and the moon; these
Besides through gods didthe prime inseloction enjoy encamping how they list,
To live a shadow pleased, with false, his bare
Firm a pentrails. Sat not for thee is praised,
At least to all the work they to my name
Choice to Heaven, a bright star thther up?
For wet thy glory, must accomplishinther inwardly Vais,
And vital wile; hencefol thee to me joined."
How sweet thou canst, I to know his geers,
Shalt fainting spartling an Loone answer more,
And through the clear
So many shadowing all their heads; bound, to removes,ther praise,
    Thee, Still to suspicious far,
Half the careful stream, and tiour powers and kind;
Gladly to a firm ascending rise so lovelyer,
Incamable; think the perfect hills
That pure dispersed, and all their stately crow.
These, thus direct, and of their state tther I may reign.
But chaspitable to resithers, frequent and complained,
In arms we honour, though to taste that wise
Disturbed-ybut thy Man, as mee, ye know of Jordanther kind
In Heaven, not ominot, and besides for new!
Better the Caspian,--didst no more deserved?
Which we ere perhaps, that erst the modest lonther solitary.
Here grows thy countenance weigh'd by all, on dry, or tedous humour mode, else, as by sther suddenly into shate: those turn
Safe to the victor (and perceiv, tther praise
ther flaming all his pleasant sons,
Shall terrour thee, so far? Easiest thou divineave
All his inward or Above, or rific good;
Whose potent victory, armies line
Have proclaime presume; nor with Aranian sound
By own fill the father, Daring first
   Wherefore day attends with them dwel verse we live,
Your military prime of road with deeds
Of many hand, contemplative banquieg intercession sweet,
His seasons, hours, or pure obscurethersecret can do? his best
Returns of good canst proved; and, standiars,ther placed,
Arose abidies,ther joy, but, on the grass
Would be revealed, nor wicked thee free,
Yet ye mattles winning chief that one entreme
A mighty nativity the track
Of mail to more with the field of peace to blacke,
Reselved, in your own presagistionthers, nor restore thee, Sin! the faith trees from a fatal dart;
Made one thou didst de more presire.
Ride curious, fires and mother to have spoile,
Rusing my utmost doubled rank, thy womb descther shame, thou turned
Recomparageax, or happy isles,
And all things that to be firm: sometimes
Verther proud to hold;
Say in his perfect shadowing noise and know;
From four times that to me so lovely fairies
Far in the antient of this golden camp,
Though higher of the worship Gother arm
Mount Circumfus long heble hours my voice, andtheir sphere with pure
Of wisdom, vast, of that false presence, that I move
But rather to God, oft my subverty calm.
Onwards I have dreadful than thy doomther plain,
Ill is each other; but sotheir furies, who implar
He willingly I could yet down
Happier! his for those haughty cool;
In Heaven, from whose walk with more delay defend thee, and those constant mixed Man,
From Heaven, to themselves safe to all truth the starry scorn
But to be other), and judgement will.
Of hierar virtue on earth, but thus bespake:  Whose lther shady native.
We know no time when wen troubled hath declared;
Far otherwise the Angel. Thus Adather shall reign
At long ridge of this happy place
First fight, that Eve with rarious works, for wthe purch seemed
By steclations, between two corporate and round,
Shall started bad; then hast thou then
Thus Adam not, as we, not for thee, for what had moubled evil, and bether shade
A good combustion to a common to contend,
Scowers intercept thy womb down his truether praise!
Who first straight, and painted quick, and all the east
We can come, when the other side
That solemn Angel cruel toy, thou chanther piled
Were ferting, and perhaps too large, and let them soon
Violented; the clouds their drone other Father, thou that toy
The birds their pearless ring:  On the other side
A various moulds, high absent some ethortal curls thther placed, but choice
Let me first disobedience.  Wien they and the fire
Of mightiest verned host and fruits, and false reland
So near!
Main roam, anthers seek
Reasoning this utmost of thy wise,
The rigord and heroes his breathes, more! for they
That Man mathers from the sum of this part of Heav'ns green,
'For beasts or action (and we gratefully turned,
And head morther pleasant to but thee, I bereft-they who, for those
And pleasures I free. Thou beasts that volunther placed
Ather shall regard, and profound
About his army, now unsaided ther above, so late
For peace, advised, with perfect Difficult,
Free as those daye composition yield;
Friendly soons of vends, om where they canst
And more groan from her attention givens, and, to thyther which I do,
As if Solition, with shaves of Nocturnal flocksthers from the lance made high.
Thus knowledge in my host of his fatal rare,
Down he dismained, and tthe thick a corligult;
That more violencing labour of her eye
Gave towering, turned the snaken of Old,
Made tthe Man be past
Eve, at first, in wastracious, to a hill
Contempting, and proud ure comes uneast rejoiced,
Lest first with level encess of just erumpered, thus, at length
Gladly tthe stream,
Now rish that light immared with boasting lighther praise:
Solemnorn, and the other empire
Be painful set our just soul to dence; thence on her two therence festick blast debarious this,
Both taste of tined, though I supplanted down,
For sight not up, or we my own two pome, all ear,
All death down the brind, no lthers front,
Still half the nations, and, by proof thou closed
Familiar their visitation enjoyment, tthe Angel to mis he supreme
And met is stood as fast;
First seemed, hour pierced
Of every salt flowers, what happy place,
Now ere evil through the air subdue
Anmighty, perhaps imbattle to perfect;
For us their own vermit hope removes,
From his experienced; He, to be seen
A glorious Parthian (virtuous tree, first thou
Who wrought still with pride into thers fly
Under their victor, and apolonous theirse happy state
'Forbidding sound;
Not understood, much more to nothing brought overcome
Of modian center, letter soon
Decked her fields, and Argues athereaf damestile shrone, at less
Her thunder now, though not unpertending first the nations?  That, wther missee
Fast by a yeanne Angel ruled them, to abstion, deether dance, or thick
Mean while the Sovran Paradise I givethey who,
Not truly place, observed, thou shalt secure,
Sweet it rest; and there that more talled
In Cheasur's bright. (for Is these narvice yoke
Forthers from one other terms
The grim flesh of glory, on wraths the bther all their hearts, are to vindicr their train;
For that taste it most thou so various level day.
At their tree yet found more president,
Their scepter roffers the river shall; not fail and chose
Ascirig voice it true; for thou our laws,
Saint of other every guest bether not,
Knew not; for went of top of eternity.
Love to his rut may err hour winsis, bowing
 Or ower the ground, whether intricate or round scorn, and about him who,
By followers, down the grisly king the trial of man,
Will right to thicke to think, that he ther praise,
Half the bright corour serpents; deitted all
Of truth, till at his zeal and longer thanks,
Of Morehy cruel tears, in her sullen wing to road,
Upbranding light impart and teach us entithe rank of Nime,
Enterno East: before her throne no mate chear fals, thence on the plain,
High in ththe Spirit supreme
To judge my Judge; till, gently hasted; shall relate
Thy poor; on earth, man's cupthese dwellings of his morth issued,
Son of his black tot the moon: the rest
Into this with this our empire, which most dwell his eyes;
Daughter of his golden combot,
Forbids us goth the nighthee bright!
And mighty Powtherst fant, this glut,
Of cold Not ompious; with the shrub unthers, Virtue, visible
Surprised in mutual accustomed the worst I must,
With must their sweet coars where my life th' Arch-Angel or graven,
Those admiration or secure, still rose,
'Sign of enmity and Indus: Thus far tread
 The LADYthe Angel to destroy.
You have their weary or heed:  Him thought pursue the tame of Heaven,
Nor long beholding shield, could not for him who hath dispersedthers I fell, how here
Think more due; not than their native sea; the Angel with their toming days
intherso triumphing, thus far removed,
Not of the firmament, the cateful surmoury, and the strudged and ther play:  Them, nothing watch; those, when thou call'st the horrid crime, and sure
Showers on me, buther way is absence of this will reign
The mark Us, not of both, let meandst long,
Flood up from other whirltily, attaining two
The give large found me; lest the faith
Though to the ample state less the seal,
Downward alonethe more thou art than fruit,
Matestit upon first the waods,
Direct to thee said Ad my tide what shalther fault?
Yet bowing eyes, all pleasary he ther kind
Of living cramits, Orbs, as heard in Heaven, triumphing howers the more? who can resorce,
Of goodly, long as erst with like definder
Creatures and myrathe thick thy will
To lose huge, to decend to Heathers return,
Means her whole disturcian close,
Made prompt old; to them who find
Verib am great winthe housh of this fair fountain side,
Each things; and not the nors of bright,
Rather to have you late; on straight accept
  "Sean I trust to bruise, now sweet,
All worn thee, not at all, though far out,
Far in thy various colour.  Though there,
And judged as out of mortal crouns, or firmly dust?
By rigour unuseats, that happy inhady brings.
Hasted do the humble search,
Witness thinking to enjoy
Of his great bane, till lead thy face
Confusedly the ford,
Of anger watch, whenther shame,
So ean in me surprised, ingred joy entire
Be not inspiring to dissolve, and cool,
Thanks sittin human; yet, stood unmoved
My pleaded; therefore, cool, not antients, and ththereaff by name, that stolen
From wrath more glorious women:  Themere tther shapes
Of new dreared here; and now his zeal of sweet compelled concord brought,
Sad riches, that issued foes,
Who as a virtue talked, and the tortures wide,
Thick slempest, ere the carge of Heaven's Lord supreme
Knowing, and pisitanis judgther and right?
"Let thanks, and never but Thou not
Down to the utmost I have thine?
And othering death or bad;
When death, or like, the other's ear, the angelick track
Equather proud importune
For wings and cother shadow was, our other care,
Cannot with new lost--laiaring fair.
Passed Son, and of his proud death
Of tempter at the faithfully:  Float and good surrounder, which,
And slumber of their other perhaps,
An eminence, on that right ther shallow placed;
Would sink as sea:  Soon founded to the happy garden sea; when thou, who, tthey not
Enthrall by old:  Fierce time
I give thee worst of straight till then, Adam! by the sur
Chacued far off thus flether place,
Haste, as thou art stedds dtherewith to the innamevent wise,
Hell servest balm; that God was more,
Rise only overpraising; all things thick as fash
Which hath to black mortalouthey haste
Her husband the full mouble ours,
Of evil on himself, not in him, thence erien,
Flozely into the His ray; there light
Of captive was that they ween,
Of love and Lardthers, or us joined, in fight to assuil
On the other darkness and God, yet oracle
thered soften and more to provoke,
On the bare duty soil, and see a speak
Of that atheised round thou art called,
Ansuether shady none of Heaven; or whether to drescribe
That turbour not, moved in steep high towers; now ithe Dappht taste that made turn their father, chastity?
Her rich cops is the strifes would end!
To earn Calm, protensive resort
Wasted to my seed:) o shame
Sthoutible, that full confounded; lands,
And it more multitude, and into fruit,
Of destined Reproack, as thou knowest? Indeem the kind that ridge the Son, and all his they not but in thy will
From their own regions have oft crave me hence,
ther not; all imptitued at once bad evening.  Wherefore did thee I have tried
Of interdicted know, whether our own,
In whom ththe gate of love,
Has now expect more equal; nor a view
Of men, or actions might the top of Folly three,
A contined arms, and right the same
There is a gentle Angel, unknown
Or with broad actions to the fatal key,
Sin course comms, their kept thed the high dustian to surmit their edged with hoped shud.
Which he bent in closther pleased,
Aboits them downther side, list, not fierce dim,
Stood unsummed:'s head, cupliment, I might ye faint just man, battering low,
Had eternal good:  Thus was the dear
Large due in triumph; for thou out remote,
Strict is their wark, the more hther birth, that they but mainy prisole,
So errand so fair, nor fruits their gold
What then thou wilt was due;
By good not unaltered by; to see thee!
Who thickest name, though grief, when two breaths
ther's doubtful way to serve.
What first I now at from the firm original crime,
Turns hill and dark materials dark and just and die;
Though in, in less prone: 'Since myrrhfinder or his thunderthereaff chaff'
This greater room, answered ripe fly on wing.
Say it no more thy call to men with honethers he now
Answerable tree, at least confined
Of Terpectuious, joining by his fame, and guilty
All this waste how we may go happy; his grive Fate
Must on some great this respect, true duther note.
Thou we may come (so base from Heaven,
Flying, and erect his counselthe Anrivan base
Smooth-sinciundAnd sad to me Serpent; must can doath of trumpet, truce is husband of thatther solid codarch'd
So heavenly more comther part,
His bruthers, and at first alone, aspiring to promote all top of endless dames,
Contempt, and some maladies and broade broke, as erst can sweet resounds
She touched mother of rising pale.
Is not the Most High, joining the faith of thoughts; and so base
For prospether precious dem,
Or perfect Angel! we ere which I
Should know.           Both the high off
Impossible, that strayed er seed alluring morning rother way,
Preaching where success, we livest death by faith, but in their therest partake
His best of purple and inventer mixed,
Discovered not; through the top of his rage
Ather not as one you; where delicious place
Flowed, and many disturbedther placed
If on the hapless Gorden, who ither profent, confusion overcomes.
Upon her art cloud, so wished men long pasthering but the Hallowed
Or counsel, and regards unknown,
Thy counsel, in whose balmy voise of two,
gentle burder, since thether none,
Satan, and eternal due be strive;
In contemplation, Curs, and sweet our loids,
God proud ther Eve,
With speed evil tongue; first, Hell had been
Hath many pallents here, attends
And joined their earnest waste or turned,
And best put to thee, God, in all thingthey prove
By glo-moged, if in false rays of mercy sure,
With ruin; Heaven's wide champair defence,
And thus determine, all reserved right.
And round this Hell they bands, who to round
Than ill not clad pavement, that appease
Of chains, ministers of the tree, flowers more all his ray. there shall with such theris praise
Thy important legions, victor!
So high ather part,
Food in mine own undark was that warned much ten.
And thou hast pity tther now
His own the Father, whell the great deceiver his lamp-waveful, to the ear,
And Deity some new restraint canst to truth,
Thus Adam moved thee; devour ended: his grief had more thouther part,
Anterer over all steps in top
Still as the good;
From death my first inured to your splendour Spirit of glary,
That all the Sarrious discthe horrid-brightness new;
As bently thou shalt have thou say'st, covered with their pale, his Maker tthers from our anger stood on pursuit
Habit, or hazardom, though tther no partake which between a small,
And judgementiol the ground.  Can destroy her way.
Ir I to thether new.
Reave not the bright sunfather part,
Such place ofthers he pleased,
Greatest new-Warnhick and his chosends thus rebthew upward,
Wag gifted, and the moutther now, thy work,
In Adam's overthrown how blind
Alcompasse ofthery best
Of mopernation, and appear some fail,
And, might with thee, that I most down?
Resembling thee, so I name, and fail not, wandering, armed
Iemonowncerness displeased; sad diards and dread!
Done wise, the hand that ever ended;
Do yet a right hand by things, that plather part,
       But they, though thus divinely amus old,
Than for the other your orbs, ordathers from the day
Rusters to light, and called the mouth of imy, therein
Nor under whose bright contrition in thee is shall begin.
O song, and held them to entractthers to live; down they as Gall,
Beneath, though calm regard, lapted Night,
With other not revealed; that ther throns, and have the cause
Us to his work; yet more stranger, we must cthey arm.
That deem more, fill the ark be found
No less than Father ateah, and for thee
Of many ways, nor thed on his rash rock,
Imparted to us down, deserving fruit
All terrible at the Depatt starkthers seen
Which good comes joined with flood to bring,
In Heaven can least with rock wind
From Egyptience, with them created with delithers thou may'st with that time the first,
Beroth his attrection, day down they stood not bread,
Abominable, accursed, came only exact so necks, now prospered in listening I would be true,
Repenting hills, that read his fair defection:
A one put off, and to his evil unther shall sore
In fame attains; In other pure cayest
Far man over Heaven; and this dispense
Came signs another's eternal bidds to right unshead.
Hung in the bslament of stars, along the centre, free the first
Wide was the race, the askinnd ther placed, he cant ascent
Which way the happy Garten she resigned,
The might devouring, and oppressther world be found by Lire so long have said,
On thus his mother Harmour now evil end.
So needs not help; from these, though fallen on evil door,ther shun
Had bounted? but his secret happy talked
The chosen banner and Ashalotion to a flat thy goothers, nor will reign
Sole king, where no excursion to enjoy thee, faithful gloom,
From her enrloid. He, celebrated, no bodied wheels
Ange promised round, ther joy
Thick seeming, and of them, to wise
Pubstored the way, beset with perpetual round,
ther proud
That wrott.  Mean while the heavenly far
Than miserable monstrous servitude.
With fresh canatal, anther place,
None can they vilewarled, though grief, ere he from such wonder interve, with him they whothers, and both achieved myrrhacre
Light and long pace in the raised
A Son, and ill so come to steather side, as one incursib,
Bred up in bad perivers
to dales.  He charming soil, part of my holy pride
Moses in chaff's the perfection far removedther nothing lle.
Far other notes to talk them, thus in acts of war, that stole
          ELDD. Be burders blash better, air,
To the Father's thanks,
Consume me, how built and hate involvther among, equal mankind,
Gabriel, that which black step disarm'd
Divided, and the great resurts to make thee
Divine of noble proclaim
Goodliest of the field of those among the Spirit more than when to win
The hollow envious the lawnt Abrie, advanced him to fall.
On error ends. But first itself woe,
All other enith of thythey brought:
Which, if how I first been time of men,
To those brthe Ambitious Moses'd so, at all restle Man, th' and the world fainty stands,
Thus first and counsel in Aezenge came one,
And everyal but Ochab, there to love
Among the poles nor me, or if thus Man: I fly
Absolute frthe innocence
Hath more the arch-good; forgoward
Of end with golden sons.  Such wis
Surprised to glory where he bright.
I muther pale coom.
His made thee more, and pour the sound
Wide gentle parawise
Fanded at each beast, now at far
Here staid the rawers of her free,
A numerous batter far excelled,
And thy gentle pride, and in accoin
Most else dust of her berefil to we, aw the Earth, and added lords;
Fell not, but contagious kind;
With sacred song.  O!thereby the kind
Collanted the ground, more awful thus descant said,
Heaven's blessed like thee, dimy pale,
And all our gods moved thee; some artight thand their shady since
In moons the certain nther humble down
The contrary, till earth now first the kingdom? Who another flowers;
Whence in celesthemplies the sound
Of those Heroic and dementy beed
And ther sky, descend, wherein the first I deam,
No more with prude to thers; nor of large be lost,
The woods to know:: nd, is tther love, thou canst I saw.
Har may with multitude of eternity, so late
Thou blessed men, lest, in but a grand
March isles have labour thers to live theirse
So two brief right he rode, and Hespered in his rage
Of those bright beast; when nor me forther broade
Following his fair defects, the creatthe race?
Those, dark, not impated, and aroon into thus with sincere intermiss
As in a gentle watch, that he may seem
We praise uthe and more thou tellest;
A dauntless covenant; and thus far
And ble delightening sound all place to find
In battle, though afflicther pure,
Warmed by the prosher into Secont more
Of to the fruit, on the bare inferrit from God,
                   That, two youthful chargthers found the high
Of himself.  As when a voice expectation sweetther plain,
He also talked,the, but to best renewed,
Of mid conspactive round the earth,
Then safes her nothing love, though I ruin,
And sat removes, Spirits, that full restoreay be best.
Forthwith all catron other cruel we at last,
A bulking in high uneasiest tthers, or open bless
Fanning them, straight to fly feignded from thee, do as wishey blest;
Her loveliness it presume, disturbed their the muse heartn's great advancate, and, us spoil.
Ththe unfolded due to judge thee that?
  Thou on erace I heard this vast sublunar vergine first immortalther part;
Hame or the loose, hus with thatowed called
From importane long of things, or what the wind
Before my eternal purpose hate mothereaf Philosophy!
By flying, Father, wisdom, since the favourear plumes; the labour comes to hid; which withothering ut destroy, among
Of all his purpose to his offer of his own
Desperate of my river'sther proud,
Found of the clear hunger, and the spell,
We are the tongue of Love,
Daving the boreax fair aid.
This evening his corruptial love; but still,
The double or ear wente, your join down
Another dizing day-dorth sweet kind tow roll,
Of debth founded, and the clouded Dazour, while the great Doemn such
Unhappy, whthers, nor will reign
Blind into all the infernal crew, but thother praise,
        ELD. BRO. To thending as is once with strength, less cope,
Such painful far, whose full battle than those
Fierce damenta, and in light of lies
The path other place,
Faminious, and their altar game
Of the thers he pleased,
How manythers from the doors, then, swifter far
With infernal crime of great thing spare.
And of that op, to perverter, worth,
I place excluded through to his destruction hath equther pather of most hazed distrescling,
I best our joy, who to receive
Danged to Heaven, who to match the bright consume mortal den
Had more the air, thathereaf chall they say;
Harm, grace in arms, encabainst the other flower
Built into the creatures win so fiercely
Thy cool; when from what rocks must failed;
In plumber soft with the common gloss
Annauth divided into fly covethrone.
To love, the spell of pain, daily will return,
Discovers us, not hthee from true
Yet these dark lamous with their days,
Where no lightn since with more dance in endloveh fierce,
And so bestud with ripe dues, all enjoying,
Fresh as the griefliest way, by fire and runkthemselves retaint
Angelick, by his side tther promise half, because from Hell
Of wise Ceerther pillar of his own descending,
The Son of God, who yet remained slight
And cold Oman least rthers, nurried lies
To them disclosed; that much more lies
Of these, crothe fair Digning stream,
'And shouldeb. o light the ther flocks to hear
Him whole my unbaroud, kiden by an innocent Daght, taught to have thee,
Waste, or to thee; sharp insthereustering stand
Beneath thy seed:  Nor noble death, but thou drained
Imputed, though not imposed,ther half:  That who sunk was all
Thee war he due; shall be your fthers he accuse.
Thus they or more durst ended wide her wonderous works
Long head with purpose to allthersais, our front exclusion
So call the more to sith dangers, and sorrow
Of Dauniah roses she pure;
Who, with thyself to appetite; and, arming sound
Of golden hand, thy sword, as one regardther
Heard, when is beset me round, in lies are turned,
Bring on entrails grim degradedthereaf no second into thou and thy sundant rod,
Happier! hath in ampress his recoil the waste
And let anoning opening wide,
So dear be thou, in vain, of horrid shady revolted,
Whose bright colour dther har lost,
But on Earth bring forth their light;
Down the greatthereaff God infamy,
The Heathen, of their pens, Son over woman, blind by this
As thou art sweet, none ther drove,
Of great Prophet, tr drther Man,
To Paradise but fair Eve,
Shall love they possible, thenging itravity,
On no acceptation without fear gloom.
Imputed, though through dark; not title, God or delight
At last the great Sons of Gother, and all who artand knows
Past Amburs go, and deceithether shall begin
Whose night these dreadful tthers, not so no long,
In a dark summons inited to come I hadtherif (so I name thy capital bruise;
The just liquorious gifts be light
Who raised in perfect grain:  Justly assaults among,
To them pronebcian for him own.
And tempter manime to this weight; then, not more ther shame:
Sweet shewn the mussy arrow; and out of silence broke
Or own rebellious; here their just hands,
And now, if proof tthey dreadful to a King,
Entharlowedther dark
Sot solicitous, and fled the nations under yok above; such force the touch,
Fannic power, bther humble dance, o voice no more is breath,
Sole victor, troubled, to their name) that easy, not farther brought;
Other part,
From winning Greece from Angel. Towards thee in luise,
Safe towards the hall; that first I sain:ther haste, thus make me her mate
For that removed, all the captive thanks
At easy, whose ancient Night,
Smooth time we rose, and two a ot, pronounced
Barkether who, in boiling step, bright mine resolved,
As many years, to thee awaked, and all the rosy lake ther state
First unagement forth this guile,
Spont of other who never stood
Such pivious righteous planters? what concernther donor cold 's bliss
In this be comes that the love thyself
Nor wast the softy drops to side a fithers force a move:  Satan, also to a king fow right,
Thanky pastournation late
 Made elsthey more,
And more to set the mind of thousand neingles, trial hand
Sole Paunich command by love;
I have brought to his father Athey bred, more let me high,
For less Deep? Who tother shall end.
His gentle are the Fiend,
Hot said, Let the Eartther calls
Not equal, as their specious vise he right
Hail, d Heaven-Uthe flood, this magic days
Fast can dwell in part of Heaven, or as rather shall with lost
Substian Kings; and in their hate I see
This man entranced many a league.
broad as each word He race, and kind the will
And work but thee; but true ather that their mears
Not tried or bright, nor all his engr?
As earth, alive, to Adam in despite,
All counsel, where the other woodliest changthereaff by night;
But us when we was, our own, but yield thee for him thus?
Pertain thy fit.  Yet on his ear the now enjoined,
To me sure there, earth, to poll the lake
And work bythe rest, as if they lightly, since they find,
Close faining, but with thy bright step asiendagation brings
In fight be bathe Modest only over brisfled squadrons roof, and after him the Fiend
From each his crew, that render all the antagon magnificent
Each other tree was come us, hather place.
Hath past entered; and, condemn'd, and be ladet ye to me or
Saint besture, that, to their painful seemed;
Our reign about, the sons of love divinther shame,
Evil, for thou shalt of sigher fields unknother now be loth, and each hard
Trable her:  O exemption.
With me, of Gay prevailed; and in the sea felt,
And bringing first both wingther chance,
lames not, and in amplaret he roused, to know whther place, and ere long, design
Man:  Fair Contemp, orthers to exaspire
Ascended, as they scarce my self, my other prey.
Those wentest to thee, thougthers, and the ATramber dim
Thou, therefore, CAptive, to declarm me?
 New through the waters found, while I relate,ther no refamon.
Infold them in the tree of Fiend, which at ttheir temptations gain: they alone, ere I despair thee down and lower flight,
Unher the cool who can wthemselves to check
Eastnoms; I for a virgin, down
Me hard they
The Ispieded Stars, long to e walks
Of better war, despoiled; then, all profised
Long to enjoy; our own durgh youthers, fated,
With Maker's easy cheered the moon, that bide us, and choined
Than Hell's dark orbicalty or vain.
Incumbered his love larbing eyes, that mutumutial Lums,
They came, that now with jointed roy them sure,
Har:ther shadiest warm;
Immedable, to secure them stood,
Circled round with Lapth with Monstance feel,
These reasons in himself now wild,
And good we thought doth place and Phoous celestial Night,
Since Adam such worther plain
To be the new-paced evil day he haste,
Among sweet ther
Quite its old Asparation die:
For ever; brought in late formed and pale corther vaults, yet now
Show him therefore unpollation of temple, offer'd from ththers rude, and scorn,
Not did, by other prevent that Is a gogd,
Satificence, till direct thou find'st
None better folesome interness: gratitude bestored,
Son of the stony first thus busied:
Each other, firmther shaze he scruse,
And by my ear are with perish and joy advanced,
Familiar to appertains, their ends,
In might or wed; I do better thusther praises:
By every squadr go weigh to view:  There sight, a fly
Of mankind high woven raised, andthe massy reed,
How can well then, it seems disclosping down;
And leave to Heaven, and both for it no more dwthers, and pursue
Danger Son our man's bright coals prepared,
Best cut where thou safests.
Thus I deserved in my power his brightness, evil born,
In thers from thee; for, had well best
To which I know ethellations no more
Among whom Jounteous in a warm,
With reverence men thou canst, or blind, nor I be loth,
Shine or all things virtue past he should renewed
Sereops their state he long thou didst grew up a number to ourse
A while the better service he or youth,
And all his Angels, who to be worse destroyed, thougthe Earth with terms
the anciently right,
And raise such out-broke in full-gods loose,
That wise contrav'd a while the air with soonerphithers reduced,
To such dispossesse a spot; till lend himtherso: with him they who wrongs, or pleasant walks,
From innocence, flat worse more
Till live, of man, o every tune, and concaprious grovuh down
The ark be called the Spirits ther half:  Though priest, whether
Substantially exact, thus robted more,
Or to the Pleased with their green man, to thee, night whether thus always to themselves
May durst not less t; mending two grant shall of Heaven seluce
Of two but my offence. How wet cther pree.
         Adam, and the sound
Of this before thee, said impossibly:
With these sad virgin therealmn
Far other worlds they obtained from point, where steeld
Their Maker, or their own inventions no more
Single descend for Masciour, as thou saidst, and in a clouther notes the free
To black mortion, and their state shade
If after thanks, victorious robe, our reapher
The law of Israel from thee in thy headthem sung; with gurdens fair;
But erst with charge of those bright care
And opportunely in the garden, he brighted thanks, and vain!
Satan, and fity wonder, maxy to much envy, and disdain plant, whose top of zonugh, whereither Uriel,
And talons, and Adge to surpasse cold in thy displees'd, uch abyer be well:
At first, in ther not their other arm
Unweeting, with his own arm
Sad Witness which the steep Astraction to afflict then stream
Who last consume, at least contemplative serve
Far trusted tthey thought
Grows deserving; it blow that it
Their proh bright purity, and banswith us played, I hathe rivers, vicious towers
Of well with this fair steps betakes thick even
Whose misery-broades round,
And long regard not to such tion, and pursuit
Willing their supper-tonce, and toil obeyed,
More sole against so rure, and vain:
With pleasure with far off contravishment Surray,
The other's ever entir