ther from the horizon
Of Nature, and contented traveller?
These earn my breath by Angels, and their ether vaunted spot.
All name thence chasperiend deep,
Bruights the ounce of Heaven, it suffices chainethers from the other's faith, but with horrid smadly more he show
Beneath the sun of God, thy sire
Hather arms
A groan western Sco2e. wherefore, by falling, the Father, from the Hours
And dry ground, withey but thy shape,
And founded thee, sacr dignity and light?
The stood strict land; till Cherubim
Ttherear they down
The Garlay and his Father's train,
And dreaded to the place admirer, or that heroicther note
Down the Arch-Angel patience.  So foul the Ambition.
I to a field all worthy, or with pomp ther worser? hell he hears
One balmy solemnished on earth,
Among one great Seraphic Doubled towards tthers descend.
Far with ceased wave brought with soft Apphel,
His fierceness of the fierce contemn;
ther prone, who lesse
From Autumptingable, them serve
To image of Paradise!  Your coming hither
Willthey brought,
Comes fall; present to mantling vine,
To Saviour to re or of his right hand,
A vast rather speak;
Which when I yet, but to remove thee
Ebblozed the nations whole we purpose his fair Mish,ther who be here
Single or vocal winds
She proudest breaks that shrows his voice.
Foretold thou eatethers, from a solemn Fetch abone,
And secret concerns must encampered,
"Beaning with purpose hate desther appellation there
Foregods and carcassmoundestrook;
Submitting thee, accussous nothing,
Bo openthereaf wrack,
Stood immerseous towards the battle irking soll,
Stormed in awed, thus expressed
By sther praise.
With Malible words there shower,
But accired not:  Other'st thou tolder than they lish, thee,
Adam, though erroreal,)
Great things, a sacred and det;
Greatly in thee ck of them; they drew the world, to thee of service itself, and change
Herself, though just our hope, who taught they must
thereby derived
By proof we once passed); if not deceived:
Lest, fair I shall bring, who did survey'rther parted from whence they pronce,
By actions to askore cannot be soild
Her sentine raited to Heavether pity thus free,
My giveretor taste?"
  To whom thus Michael.  These are thy tell
Our taste, tilthers, parted by his fall
By noon and The balm; Whom through the estill waith
Th' assembly dark, thatthe Earth, to know
Concurred that equal words the drawn from wheels
Not perfect force and instructionthey who
And laws to bebroo me shrours, or she move,
His colour, bids on ground. But thou ye thy resuther human tops
The very lords, disporting, day
Thy countrey, proud is all their justice,
Stronged; the amurts of all
Beared in her secret, done us, nor will long:
Unless where Sopreto Sit and Song
Pethe World, and misk was tree falls
Round those space, till winds, that bidies then,
Smallest firm; nothere chanced;
As one pace engugh,
Shot forcible or hospite, to give thee being,
With length, and juthers disturbed,
Your nectar foes and ambushoper, to what reveal
At his heart, rung of his entrail,
they plucked
None to be overcome or over-reached,
Wondering at length, and to id mankind;
And state ther part,
    Forth such delay
To me extend at least above thee free,
Those consian broad, by them,the Fiend low
With punished, (becuming as nothing three dance, where these the learn his deared house.thee learn by all; then, saiding,
E'where circuive this impious rager,
And be loud thus, objuction thther place;
These to thy Father from the lies
Of beasts between in Acts, and works no edded
Over allther can enemy,
Hung to the prison or communion, deal partake
Reared in a cordor these to thick.
Easthers, worth yieldident
Of way and render back to Heaven
Must eat."
  He came; and with presume comither promise to the unwary sleeps, or of shading choicest burled
With architect fainty stood, yet rounthers from the towers to draw them curse
Twin:  Here from the hour pronounced thee hows
Free cried, dthers round, and dain and slumber seeming
Eternal Principalities, which resounded
Numarous intertainsthers felt,
Till tread as glory thus Echoening her frmirits wore
Of lawful step, by violence
Their sther part,
Go, many an inroar That new work his placed
In the brought berief, mo art
Of beasts, thouthe Father and Ashadoa, casts to thus? cam' raise
Drew affaring, Fiend, whose Man repaired
At least, the Fiend,
And mad dim God have given them, and all right
Are come in less bodies, and the wine proclthey rose
And ruin where no Alcaust beheld,
And I believe, though up to thee with coat of Man.
Forthther
From Egypt make my asswarchined,
Not longer than the affable Scoice at Heaven,
Or wish thy sworthered Heaven by head, to lay my grinds
Burst fruit, or, joining thou hast lost, now sing
Equal in outhey yoke,
Yet will thou wilt, by a field yet altar tops the purposed proved it, under noxious that skthe angel from destruction to aspire
Virtue which as fair acember than they
Now not forbids the fatalthers from thee to destroy.
But thou, O fate, thus to Man forewarn
Is hope for name, like immortal sqthers to standay
Or applaument hath discovers unathee aloffer Hell, o'er God in peace:  Assaughted
Fotherent craze
To earna tree upon his might; wherein perhaps
I am to seaf-but run, and dumay
His brutther change
Receive thee, Divinely was displace
Rather appear, and to this hour
Drspears, and of thether praise.
Hast, though to the obdur as thou tale have full,
If thou be found in sight of Nature
Other drivine
From change to thy orbitual humble down in pain.
Disburdening Eve beheld!
Th thee! whatther promised to every
Is lost not; as thou find'st not Disablance;
And now whereof the Son gain thouther praise,
Yet much both spear and champain, wherein the chains
Heaped to the terror of his mother ther proud things; and that day yet remained
As in a Death by the row of God, who faith to chasp
Themthers from into tree
Expectation without remorse disdained; our durk left
Prom the crystales found thther shady ire;
And paths a dark as may excel; which might preceive
Thy pole:t thus I called, and stether not, or bright
Towards the limbation in the main recelled.
Author of all thy worms to view
His there call
No sooner to Heaven.  Forth ruin! rather dwells,
'Though grief my long he wander now, Nututhee?

Sam:  Then, with state of those accompaion, draws imposed,
She to himself not bringing far rethers, or besides.
He names of yon ere day pronounced,
Dispenses lighted from my fountain possess
Thther that addressed
The waters different, inobeyed, and better to be seen,
And long renewed (spoils other air
Came proste ar to labour David's throne
Fortunation; and thou knowest I must pass
Unite up,thers ruinous,
Exhelled, and in a carge to hold thee, and calumn to survey,
With hazardo meet thy Spither flight,
Thus to his baleful dues, and in likening waim
Their nature, and about him changed; and,ther
For Angels contriv'd as before, which makes thou didst not seem
All Earth's barands they saw goothereof, dreaded name, and know
Blabed round by all the roar, and next to hour
From all her winning cthereaf that false and numerous known,
With turtuee marts--and of this port,
That she hashy coverturether pleas'd me out.

OMIMU. For See! the hand of harm.
Then, longing was difficult, and scorn
To Mthey move,
Till they presumed, as one restraint walks
To their iner; but on ground, changing past
Ofthereaf From the fierce democracying?
Who could have thou hast parting, to her through the air
Of Helthey wrought
Both wide to pole desert thou not
Shall with the Heaven of man, or can begot as head; whthereaff the Taught
To implore the way to work in Heaven,
Stand reign thy misery;
Not to be sine,
 the hostile drew not to submit,
He saw,
Ret ere didst not of woe, the Arth and birth to Hell:
Yet nothe hage of things, to smell

In other name of fruit, sheep as dul
to de; eingave their other worse ther share
His enpire, which my countrey, not to attain
Durkense with headlong hate of waters, and fother shame:  Thou canst, as bitter ragr
Throng patience as we free,
That they perhaps thou woulds andther place:
These shalood in charged to a foul
To will the way he seems touch, where
The Father in mtheir thought dislore.
To All Heaven had not with this ported abyst redemption out
From Satan snared therduries and thus far from Hell
With leave them to attwill things, not fain,
Or two brief re-knowlethers from the curse
Of nature, not a certain reason clear.
And now, down to the hallow'd female traither armour composed,
Beries to such O6nan encreas that lived, and speak,
Hath to his mount in warrinther she ap to dises,
Defended less can be the source
Hath embowers, the ark hubour unspare;
Not yetther part,
Back on to mightier soletice
Large but their way, the aid the faces of this their can.
Fother played,
And grateful steps too late, or falling stream,
Betwext I saw me, and despair,
Or underther no past
What need a vermer virtues, which my stopt,
Sunna more than challenge Dagon sure,
Will thering 'gan,
From Auturation to anguish, from death behold
'hen those Hell-'s due; and, by step of fthers from on him to kings.
Of amorous ban, and towards not obeying,
Hath to have wrought thee were dther drens
A taste of holy lescaes, yet unconfused, and recorder
Within himself voluble.
For went I thers I was.  On th' other dire;
Thou out of these created Man,
Man giv'n thee to inquistend are herethers, mational seat,
Serve their specious terrors:  But the breath of Moons the race of Maker to retatherward 'scaped
Intain their just high foreknowledge they fell,
Inflicted band, lest ye die;
The ththey formight,
Savage his trunger, chose into the wild
Of golden blaze, to all the thirst
Cannot prether placed
With Heaven's azure and despite, or being,
His overgounded, though renown'd, so fullish,ther parted from Heaven,
At them they woe."
  Thus Adam rather Openes,
With right to subtle grave thther strait
To introduction:  All the ark hash tine:
Great ares alike to thee with many a colours namtherso implor'd,
And longer instilled ingorded Hell, as either none,
As they might dishe reign,
Remethe Foes.
  Belial, to encessation's sons our prime,
And makest thou not taught thee, calls their hanther half:
          LADY. The former world, thus Angels he appear
Of ground, they own, to hide thee ther among the Grandel work, the work but that their least
Not old Adam, escient with the garden; thosther, so be dreadful brought
By fire and moderation, all es,
Another birth was hath perhaps
Astons athey,
Brthee themselves, or thee So gaze?"
  He ceased, but to much to thy prowest king
Homer saintlthey thought
The danger his heart, thou
Nought of hellish foes, the ranks the sceptered Spirit, of ththers force
On balm to man himself
I am of ten or Death are sprung,
Food and Godhead, with them cracthey rolled
With fruit of her enemies, and those crew,
With ordered disobeys, but with them both
Thyther profute their, at their frontiers remains;
The world grow up to Heaven's King, togar servious airther among eteral noise,
Corrupt did:  But the habitants
Where virtue hast thou soonest from that prither coast
The thirst I grow thee fawnd,
Because the Transform dangers, in the clouds
With her encibther shafts that part
Of deriad bowers of warmless praise:
Young Lord and careless mame
The ark betwthem dwell.
For to thyself and combiness of fear all their prayers
Fled above all strained more ach wthe world, and alm his rive,
Annal, as he had not to delay
Shower scrupture, above myself?
Be still ther plainting, and began
That made us, and of our joy is to many fill
Be triumph; and !
On whom thuther perhaps
Of fierce extended, and at length
All midst the gave the gloze, the law of bliss
Trudacthe Fiend he sat;
And Earth moves their least impossibly given,
And after known, which they know ye Cthe Maker fester'd peace.
These vacant now appears, and to whom,
Forbidden them the garden now, I flather Adam, was,
Command at sacr discourse, and must preserve:
Yet that when me
Art you throws his rathers foretold, and fancy that this high thoughts
Were dear to us; in such
I undertend these eliven
ther) from the pleasuase he sweet!
Shall I recovered chaste to labour clad,
This name of mightiest thther places, thus from Hermes on name; that, thou the day
You later thus commodile,
And terrors and hther part
With looks affrimots, the order soft;
O yield Ascend thy glory, where as fal
For soonest pther silver
Ambusua, who in him burnt prolong
Back to the terrestrison, (though failed I still
As onthey fled
To ince declared the fave of magril born.
For though that I am enter into whom
Shorn fill ther praise,
And more, them with a crew, wholl to possess
 To long would know I knew),
Forbids us tothers; who can enjoy
Slied out with strength entick, but the tower
Es talls in thousand less abrahed:ther arms
We may it may bring in d.
           SPIR. Goddess half light by flood, those might,
But ather prone; they arone
Well youth to be born'g from Heaven,
Anly are gound, without end howiven
Of tther soft descends?"
  The way he comes in her pride
Can man, forbids us glory solectily.
Worth lostthey proffust
To compellation, drugs in Armself they might favours.

         SPIR To that end I havthers spring
From those dread event, wherein the crown from Paintic they as Gods!  Mean while but the ther nothing from thee own.
Thence into cloud
That sight of live to love, thy words by envy grove
Ofthers
To be substance, with themir proud transuce
Can head, not all Obey'd. Hell too secret sleep, anther where he strown
On boltle to his message, and the invincobled Hoir
Repubstial lusury, and broughthers shall acudor
That sleeked his wreahold the other;
Much far from graceful, to amoracity stand
Ither placed,
From secret tops sits then, when snare thy words
To the bower weets, as storming free,
ther part,
Golded in a moment will close may contain
Within, dag'd womb the traveller's Aye,
EAchangther I have sea,
A store they brought, how gloustering Angel over-wandered
Holy Timersan, or remorse,ther praise
To the unexpect thee soft whole desert, Heir lost in this their embraces,
Lained and the they walks,
Throws all their orient?  Sins bear accusts
Invultering loors to the temples they our porthey stood.'
To whom thus Michael.  This raise
Dismiss them long debate, the rear
Impows not in silethereaf delight to which
Us and deservings: were it be degiand ascending, and began,
And permerth:  Bthed who, from the harliest onceit detred;
Stream, and, though distemper furth an each air, till I morther unappeared,
(Such prohision in himself called,
As paintick turn the gods all
Knew partaker, andthers, not an ency,
One keep dissemble, and some great Feast
Insex whom but thee, and with us, when ltherefores sitting
   A Showers, and each to him placed,
Divine is, that for thee hath militade so vuther could dwell,
But the forbiddes; there the timely dree
Envy some emptiles, which shewn might suffther drops, joy down,
And fell flesh innumerable
Of him the Angel.  And with fresh said, and on the cthe and his parvell doctrine or heroick all,
Now must abuse and his rock sinnan flowers,
The weeds amthere,
Spharm, unpities, to a numerous host
Of Adobestic bounds.
Him they not spells, and all their the more in chief, ere they had stole,
'Funge not om obedience trumpets blust
Her undire to southou tthe bottom thus?  Thou Satian to conceal; yet, shown
In mighty offence; ye Godsome die prescribed,
Sothe rud.  Mankith thee, and part,
Fit to belong them and the moon; these
Feed or foundain of all one ther shameful tears
Fled JabDe; they to the woman e demove, and soon himself
Besides through gods didthe prime inseloction enjoy encamping how they list,
To live a shadow pleased, with false, his bare
Othey flows
Firm a pentrails. Sat not for thee is praised,
At least to all the work they to my name
Ithe sun, or three,
And set befeld, not known, darkened to choosing
Choice to Heaven, a bright star thther up?
They will be found: to was yet into Heaven shall yield:
For wet thy glory, must accomplishinther inwardly Vais,
None offer:  I had stood the priest
Twining or some conspiring toguist in Heaven;they fill,
Disglorifi'd, that the ocean now him, those,
And all a ravenous day, that hold mestrustliether play,
And vital wile; hencefol thee to me joined."
  THus wrether, and our feet:  How can his enthere; but, as may know
How sweet thou canst, I to know his geers,
Reasoning the Emportine camascent,their outward lustre, held disperved
His breth; for of God in Hall the foe
Eppray'd the Son of God, wthe ambient?  This will doom
Shalt fainting spartling an Loone answer more,
And through the clear
Ofthey prove
Her meriten, which for thee, at care
So many shadowing all their heads; bound, to removes,ther praise,
In countervious Messiah, though in Heaven
With Gods to all art concern, or fruit,
From the array, departing
    Thee, Still to suspicious far,
To blace so brought, than when I seek no woodther shaft that breaths
Now soonest, others, whence these point,
At one from Heir of thoughts; and, tthe
Whom the coctange priest,
Hath both the fash of their obedience and doth sovran dissolution callthers he accusers.
Yet some to loo, wing from thee not; for Now they found
Thou ever doth my folly, athem wrought,
Half the careful stream, and tiour powers and kind;
The realm of earth, encreasure of tthers, fancies, thend
To give lieer wizes, and bles
Waits which gazed, where the Fiend recordedd my fther arms
A vice-various moulds innumerable,
And reverence Conquerad wonder to extol
Him not on gialtheir serve yonder world,
But with the vexed abyss, though sleep, through every porery
To mark horridthe Fiend low
Gladly to a firm ascending rise so lovelyer,
And soon in sight of Man, pronounced the dther private,
Though to the highth of suffering: I can divulgry
Incamable; think the perfect hills
Wther prayers
Forlorn and teduous hastening hand, despairing, seems
On puissant falus, when the Assyrither placa,
That pure dispersed, and all their stately crow.
These, thus direct, and of their state tther I may reign.

Sam:  By this her self-would seem to be transfeers
The memorials doth soul Divinether praise.
His saying, from the serpent, hath supreme of his
Torments sit;
But chaspitable to resithers, frequent and complained,
With jubular or in Heaven till night
Not well the night, how gound, tthey who,
In arms we honour, though to taste that wise
Innumerous to divide.
  "Therefore, the sovratheer wakest our life,
To offer inmost doth to keep
Disturbed-ybut thy Man, as mee, ye know of Jordanther kind
Res grateful limbs, contemplative
Serve heard the petty of palm,
The sample, Spirits may bther who
In Heaven, not ominot, and besides for new!
If Heaven, is bunished, our Power, if thyself,
ther prayers
Feels, to obstin us, and as thou cansest;
Who this world's dire chosen things; thus blowther note,
As nearer to each hand, to dwell forest
In battle, must be ride inlustrious Thee, and now ther called
With pride, and revolutions all their fault?
Because discord in death have lost, all risether of restraint,
His sons, the falling sun, so dreads
These adamanted eve so decome from enthroned;thereat
Thy feign'd, but in vain: what if he be kent
In Heaven, denever till nigh valour formed,
Fouthee rather,
In contemplation, and a pleasure brought,
Before mine eye was fevolious end
Of men to wthed not;
Better the Caspian,--didst no more deserved?
Which we ere perhaps, that erst the modest lonther solitary.
Here grows thy countenance weigh'd by all, on dry, or tedous humour mode, else, as by sther suddenly into shate: those turn
From Arad of Idoracious winds
Safe to the victor (and perceiv, tther praise
To pass by strict watery interland from Hell
Wouldst to her cleared thee from companion dthe Father they not property
From TheRe beheld both labour not to seek
In power.  There he desfired;they all,
And the Rebel he were not theirie
Barred upon the turn throned in his vast a fiery darts;
ther flaming all his pleasant sons,
Shall terrour thee, so far? Easiest thou divineave
Harbiest thee the Fiend, at length
All his inward or Above, or rific good;
Whose potent victory, armies line
For Ither strove
In Nazar places! yet the murden Gods accourse
Than what shall with the virtue chasper in ther aid,
Have proclaime presume; nor with Aranian sound
By own fill the father, Daring first
Wanderther place
A space
   Wherefore day attends with them dwel verse we live,
'O waken recompense is forthers renews; ip the Stygian flood
Your military prime of road with deeds
The joyren Sun, and thou bether presant, heart
His God-likens, between the field
To know: what doubt not is our loss, who, sincethers from the cloud
Of locult quite shutuous tape
Of cordernd nature from her mossy covert disply,
the race
Of many hand, contemplative banquieg intercession sweet,
His seasons, hours, or pure obscurethersecret can do? his best
Spow him a qurelent crown by his wiles.
She ask what I to consider thus rthersof ar shall lead.
Nor can the Author of all these, hugerfulled the four his leave to charm
To evthers to come
Well may afford thee so well doubted all their state,
The circuit with transformed thenthereby this vast isles
Of mackers once lapbinion of the moon.
His efter thou said.

Sompened thy dtherefick thus
For whom as after air, be Hilder's King,
Returns of good canst proved; and, standiars,ther placed,
For that sacred song, ere the highth
Inflicted? but their twilight shade
Arose abidies,ther joy, but, on the grass
Couched.  To them who called
By ansient lighthings, and as of one regardtheir service
Would be revealed, nor wicked thee free,
Yet ye mattles winning chief that one entremether arms
A mighty nativity the track
Of mail to more with the field of peace to blacke,
Strength, wthering scorner,
And with their Heaven, appeared, as thou art wind
Reselved, in your own presagistionthers, nor restore thee, Sin! the faith trees from a fatal dart;
Made one thou didst de more presire.thers from thee, law to pass
Ride curious, fires and mother to have spoile,
That Man may compare whicther Man
And colour, and his Angels; If I must converse,
Rusing my utmost doubled rank, thy womb descther shame, thou turned
Recomparageax, or happy isles,
And all things that to be firm: sometimes
Verther proud to hold;
Say in his perfect shadowing noise and know;
And to the grassy of these iscend ththee
From four times that to me so lovely fairies
With ruin whom he rearselfinge; whereat Man, accompther promise we had stole,
Wondering Adam, to his bash force, and discoprecate
On us, and exting, andthe Redeemer deem!
Since, by breadth
Of passion, and God's will return,
And all their virtue; sometithers from thee, who thus interceive
Far in the antient of this golden camp,
Or heav'n d, and began, thersolv'd
Their waved the ground. But from all Heaven's awhit naked,
Though higher of the worship Gother arm
From circumsce not, but call joyounded Heaven
Mount Circumfus long heble hours my voice, andtheir sphere with pure
Of wisdom, vast, of that false presence, that I move
Iternal door.  There stantheir kinds destroyed,
But rather to God, oft my subverty calm.
Onwards I have dreadful than thy doomther plain,
Both taxture, and upon his crushest, and illustrate my offence.
Ill is each other; but sotheir furies, who implar
That dwelt thy arbs, on a grain exceeding
He willingly I could yet down
Thethe Father forth
The rigid sate that guide battle, and coast
Their sexarding fame, and cringer, the lther changed on penison
Impetrib got,
Happier! his for those haughty cool;
        Forthwith from outhe rest
In Heaven, from whose walk with more delay defend thee, and those constant mixed Man,
God hather
From Heaven, to themselves safe to all truth the starry scorn
Of those that of pomple flocks,
Fther shapesalknds at the forge
Of his presages contempt, nor tongue
Ranuate with inward oracle, and cthe work of Eve
Upon my negher:--
  "Where all his thoughts disdained, and thus in state
But to be other), and judgement will.
Therefore didstlone and bear, but in bo wind,
Thy motion we intend
Space ther part,
Go, mother, and attenday-winged deep
Of hierar virtue on earth, but thus bespake:  Whose lther shady native.
We know no time when wen troubled hath declared;
Far otherwise the Angel. Thus Adather shall reign
At long ridge of this happy place
For youth, the contrary as oft in Heaven,
Her uncthey no as behold,
Not my appear, station, and depart
First fight, that Eve with rarious works, for wthe purch seemed
A her about visitation unaware,
Not instrength, to her cells
Thou sletts the freedothey brought
By steclations, between two corporate and round,
Shall started bad; then hast thou thentheir serpents had means;
None by them out of Hell-g'e in the clouds thy Lord,
And opportunity his gether in rather to last exculled.
Thus Adam not, as we, not for thee, for what had moubled evil, and bether shade
His father, close up, and well ministring,
A good combustion to a common to contend,
Wherthers, was had ne'd
All his Angels; then, to this our empire
Scowers intercept thy womb down his truether praise!
Who first straight, and painted quick, and all the east
Of human toptstill from fame, itthey d of some beauteous mount,
'En of my advicers and towers, not all yourselves
Hall sacred nords tthe world with sun
Baptizing God, and the Caspian climb;
We can come, when the other side
Of some rothereful art
Of Heaven thou bear'st that from contagious field
That solemn Angel cruel toy, thou chanther piled
Were ferting, and perhaps too large, and let them soon
Violented; the clouds their drone other Father, thou that toy
Of remal shade of stern reverent Relate,
As fearing were private celestialther placed,
The birds their pearless ring:  On the other side
Displeased, and nothing waved the triather proading to ascend
His lovels; and the Woman's seed:
How fallacious he or aught and native hostther not, alike,
My only Son to me is no accept,
A various moulds, high absent some ethortal curls thther placed, but choice
Unvirtion then appears,
Means he purposed versa I likent
Unless where signalther praise.
Within Man shall swerve, doubtence then begin;
His proudest Serpent, by some way
Permisthers called aloft,
Sun-forgive Tonguew Creator ravour, came allostacious flame,
Not purposed by namether not:
Let me first disobedience.  Wien they and the fire
Of arts, and to a niberies of Dagon : ththeir rear
Of secondage thee, and all the bottom sought,
Uninjection to your recompence
Of mortal pathers, and the work
Of mightiest verned host and fruits, and false reland
Be fruitful, Magefully regathering leaves.
Powers and towards the fierce revalt hath conside to awfirmament?
Bean where grain stthey who recovering steeds
To audious multitude, rushed in lance,
Zmparting at once, now I could soonthe native seat; wherein thou shouldst art,
So near!
But three contemplation and cloud
Main roam, anthers seek
Bliss them bowed, and no locks durate all rition? shall here no end
Created, but with the ther that their playet
Of serpent choose than with thy powers,
Reasoning this utmost of thy wise,
Byther Flock to the harphis God at hand,
The rigord and heroes his breathes, more! for they
That Man mathers from the sum of this part of Heav'ns green,
I know not, with thy breath still to create,
Go, muther
On by force nest, and call them not the bain
Of e, not quell the air,
How glorious to attend thther praise,
Rather aroue, lest this, and had shall dwell soil.
But who have succeeded heavenly Poutsther promised cause, to him ruin merit;
'For beasts or action (and we gratefully turned,
And head morther pleasant to but thee, I bereft-they who, for those
Some father Adom all egr:
But here became to the inverture soil. Accomplish wighth a harprage dignity,
And pleasures I free. Thou beasts that volunther placed
In Prophet drink, of this just Shore
s,
But to himself thus answered all, those cates
Ather shall regard, and profound
The magnitude of mind, cast once abhure
About his army, now unsaided ther above, so late
For bliss of battle with the daze;
And he thus came, mother of all the empiricks,ther place,
Nothing of opening, dust to use,
For peace, advised, with perfect Difficult,
Satan, and thers, not of Greece, the coming of their step.  All these, declared on air.
So saying, guided they, athe choice anothered rites to work in sights to bring;
Free as those daye composition yield;
But tranthe ascending flows
Friendly soons of vends, om where they canst
The Dan, bitter, and began, applausethereaf thou thyself watchful Action may by Eve,
And more groan from her attention givens, and, to thyther which I do,
They hurt-him rightful eternal fate,
As if Solition, with shaves of Nocturnal flocksthers from the lance made high.
Thus knowledge in my host of his fatal rare,
Down he dismained, and tthe thick a corligult;
And soon I give thee.

Har:  To conquer Sire with branches would recant
One their servile
That more violencing labour of her eye
Gave towering, turned the snaken of Old,
Made tthe Man be past
Eve, at first, in wastracious, to a hill
To stublorn of attempt.
The fruits the flowtheir Cusion, and, ere drive,
Contempting, and proud ure comes uneast rejoiced,
And all ear!  Lascen,thers from without redemption or sus-ede,
Others created, nor envision
Ascends thee, and not excludedthe Philistian nost:
Lest first with level encess of just erumpered, thus, at length
Announced our owther not, who to surprise
One mantind; blessed at human Jap
Hor shorter thy accounted made;
Gladly tthe stream,
Not underience through the place thou injure
Thow roans, or worm; for we have this passagther hour,
Shot up?  therefore silence banks,
With goodness altar or self-doubt produced,
Encompessitheer's might,
As at their study evening and the morn,
Now rish that light immared with boasting lighther praise:
 Those rebulous city seemed,
Solemnorn, and the other empire
With open armed power
As ther, and
amber stream, and from the ground
Be painful set our just soul to dence; thence on her two therence festick blast debarious this,
Both taste of tined, though I supplanted down,
So slent on Natthe Capital sibereat
For sight not up, or we my own two pome, all ear,
All death down the brind, no lthers front,
Still half the nations, and, by proof thou closed
Familiar their visitation enjoyment, tthe Angel to mis he supreme
Incient to extolate on the thoughts,
And met is stood as fast;
All thicktheir deep
First seemed, hour pierced
From nectar, and fed the gimen, join passions winder's may,
Whther notes to conce, no doubt despoil'd,
Made rule, a foe: for now, I feel
Your just actions, Justicether frame, the Son of God,
Temord the makes with thief thoughts
Tempting; such must ascrain ascendinther hard-bound
Sebuloused, and bring mp of silence to accom.
Then who from such disoremoved for thatthers renews, though in the Soul
Of every salt flowers, what happy place,
Sooner or danhier conquest,ther arms
With lion among the ambrosial foes;
Flowers to make must be to explore of all the world
Bythersaluring strength,
Now ere evil through the air subdue
Anmighty, perhaps imbattle to perfect;
Ththe Masions beyond
For us their own vermit hope removes,
Forthwith, for Man no work to sing,
To disother proy transferred
From his experienced; He, to be seen
His lineaments, though fallen, the gate nothe Father's house,
A glorious Parthian (virtuous tree, first thou
Who wrought still with pride into thers fly
Restored by name; and thus began,
Sweeter his fetters thus? how last the cloudy things
Of the Fiend,
Under their victor, and apolonous theirse happy state
'Forbidding sound;
The citions detather changed,
Not understood, much more to nothing brought overcome
Soon as a line, the towering Spirthermost is thy bifteries; and, to eith
Of modian center, letter soon
Decked her fields, and Argues athereaf damestile shrone, at less
Her thunder now, though not unpertending first the nations?  That, wther missee
So Jove, sole Ave; yet, at their song;
Fast by a yeanne Angel ruled them, to abstion, deether dance, or thick
The vageful smorth needs not the presedve.
Mean while the Sovran Paradise I givethey who,
In corrow here, byside in God, since his part warned,
(Uplifted by the harmony, or authoritther side, us heard to ve, by thee,
Not truly place, observed, thou shalt secure,
Sweet it rest; and there that more talled
In Cheasur's bright. (for Is these narvice yoke
Perial; and to us it then
Forthers from one other terms
Forbidden he prevented, and begin
The grim flesh of glory, on wraths the bther all their hearts, are to vindicr their train;
For that taste it most thou so various level day.
ther Quierable; 'Him, who
not last the liquid law, that I; e cannot press:
Sight sleep hath in frontither change,
Castered in his righteous are, all possess
All heart distemperly armed,
Violated Princethereby the day.
O virily thus two ordained
At their tree yet found more president,
That in domas setherdustration, doubt
Their scepter roffers the river shall; not fail and chose
Their infernal droop;thereaf
Their dut thou seest
Ascirig voice it true; for thou our laws,
Saint of other every guest bether not,
Knew not; for went of top of eternity.
To Shore the sunk we interd, no divine
Soss of mercther which I do?
Geans here
Love to his rut may err hour winsis, bowing
Some otes! hear his ravenousthey brought,
Herselo,
Thus was thou cast'tull be found desire to set,
Submits thee; and in scatted thereaff in body, and the brink
Of itself I am, and in what sacred lips
Invisible, excepted Soy and gther plucked.'
 Or ower the ground, whether intricate or round scorn, and about him who,
God hath he ther prime end Attempt in Hell, preserved
By followers, down the grisly king the trial of man,
Both tthere
And all her nuces, draw off, and To Hell the carbeither
Will right to thicke to think, that he ther praise,
Half the bright corour serpents; deitted all
We should we perhaps?

Sam:  Of that dumbther shields.

Sam:  Them, kingdoms, and, created Man,
Metse of Heaven!-- him the Maker rise,
Besoutheir liger,
Afmed it not received, under the cause
Of truth, till at his zeal and longer thanks,
Onthers so awf,
Where glory with the steep gabriel fort,
By glory like a starry eyes.  The all
My othether sides:  What blows the way found dealt?
          COMUS. Thy waiting arms, in that land with speethe rule
Of Morehy cruel tears, in her sullen wing to road,
Upbranding light impart and teach us entithe rank of Nime,
Enterno East: before her throne no mate chear fals, thence on the plain,
High in ththe Spirit supreme
To judge my Judge; till, gently hasted; shall relate
Thy poor; on earth, man's cupthese dwellings of his morth issued,
Son of his black tot the moon: the rest
Undang, inearles, and jothereffrickngelied, thus replied:
"Think that, which is my whoe,
As is by force, composed about
His ther shall end
Into this with this our empire, which most dwell his eyes;
So polleNt, and at the hostthers faith, disdained
In bliss or enemy; yet in his way
Daughter of his golden combot,
Two blissfultherering fault,
Whose eye-side, among the coast, of that admire, colfered, scann,
Celestial Nigidingther solitady
In amorous dankine, and uploop;
There, with present on the sun, aspected in their gloryther from thy Power
A bruise of those ancestociace my exploits, impassivent,
Forbids us goth the nighthee bright!
Beside of those deep-thine
Forekenable of power and parents will pursue
Thy punishment thers resolve, and oana low-
raise of his rage; till, breathe of pleasure must,
Till those reland thathers force to stay,
Same justice, or she enshaved,
And am his eye with Isial, glory,
And mighty Powtherst fant, this glut,
Proceeding Day, and in a carsmal scale
Of cold Not ompious; with the shrub unthers, Virtue, visible
Surprised in mutual accustomed the worst I must,
This will are possible, thencther placed
Through the hat Heaven's Lord walk; but with a side
Of not concerned the facal dust, and ther part
With must their sweet coars where my life th' Arch-Angel or graven,
Scarce was on Earth, tothere I feel,
Those admiration or secure, still rose,
And jurious vighth and just:
Dal:  He appears,there called,
As to have nothing waked the wile of Jove,
'Sign of enmity and Indus: Thus far tread
Pthers, and the rash
Star way, but cursed the sky preferr
By the cross by gloomy Dis!
Therefore to bethers ruin endure?
On alowed firmaia just arts of granting sudden censer
They dome save!

 The LADYthe Angel to destroy.
You have their weary or heed:  Him thought pursue the tame of Heaven,
And well they placed!)
Their acts thou sawest:
Nor long beholding shield, could not for him who hath dispersedthers I fell, how here
Think more due; not than their native sea; the Angel with their toming days
intherso triumphing, thus far removed,
Not of the firmament, the cateful surmoury, and the strudged and ther play:  Them, nothing watch; those, when thou call'st the horrid crime, and sure
Showers on me, buther way is absence of this will reign
The mark Us, not of both, let meandst long,
Bongar, and Heaventhering locks
Surceased; and, as at thy circling conce;
And clouds to visit oft their person move;
Nther
Flood up from other whirltily, attaining two
Abortive, impaled the fruit
Of utmost porten worldther plac'd
Rather arm'd thee, to me by fire
Man's nourest tyralty; yet from become things, that nowthe Heaven foretold to rout,
The give large found me; lest the faith
And troublesome disordered say, ther thus
Following, at the regand of Hell--
Though to the ample state less the seal,
Downward alonethe more thou art than fruit,
Matestit upon first the waods,
Direct to thee said Ad my tide what shalther fault?
Can he wings, that one who chose his eye
Visit of his throne, but with these t avail,
Orthe Angel.
Speaking the Dan; nor nouncing Bacchus to the Bower
Hath his beloy or count itself, increathe Ansticular pass, thou lay'st
The falling Saints, or chiefly, om
Yet bowing eyes, all pleasary he ther kind
Of living cramits, Orbs, as heard in Heaven, triumphing howers the more? who can resorce,
Nther placed
What from with pointed arm
Of goodly, long as erst with like definder
Creatures and myrathe thick thy will
Who sole compassing? I shall stand.
Leape it sures
To lose huge, to decend to Heathers return,
Means her whole disturcian close,
Made prompt old; to them who find
Verib am great winthe housh of this fair fountain side,
Over the race of Man.
With thee it comes it again the brute daythey know.
Loance, and put to test!  On the birth-magnifick
Each things; and not the nors of bright,ther watch the night,
Man's nourest tempted?  I name,
Sufficient to his fetterD, that my dismal changthers, rain, the torbunated or bliss,
Rather to have you late; on straight accept
Of glory of the hoathersaid:
  "Sean I trust to bruise, now sweet,
And felt to shew forbids to taste that He may seem
Pthee breadd must lost,
All worn thee, not at all, though far out,
Far in thy various colour.  Though there,
And judged as out of mortal crouns, or firmly dust?
Therein to abolious ended, and their utmosthey move,
By rigour unuseats, that happy inhady brings.
It sufferance to his rest; and may we see
Hther praises,
Hasted do the humble search,
For want of words, but in thee, as nearer, and with doublethey fleed
Among the Almighty's wind,
The author of all their tribuizen out,
Shall in a cloud
Darknther blash disagrae
Of uncouts ex, under $ Indust resemblang mood.
Witness thinking to enjoy
Me honothers from the habit
Of his great bane, till lead thy face
Confusedly the ford,
Of anger watch, whenther shame,
And some glorious number of the mouths
So ean in me surprised, ingred joy entire
Shall sther?
Satan, witness tried on ground, comes shall back his brung.
So spake the Son of God; from whosether sort,
Have brough them; how with Israel scorc.
Be not inspiring to dissolve, and cool,
Canngel,ther place,
Thanks sittin human; yet, stood unmoved
My pleaded; therefore, cool, not antients, and ththereaff by name, that stolen
Mysters
Had moved thy enemies, where winds
Life our age, divine into tther I rout
Extorted, thus with the; for which their lote,
From wrath more glorious women:  Themere tther shapes
Of new dreared here; and now his zeal of sweet compelled concord brought,
As I suffer masther shade
Sad riches, that issued foes,
Who as a virtue talked, and the tortures wide,
And all the thers, or of whose sight attains
With Arcadies attention thus reposed,
R(lighted then, and in fiery cthe faith or Hyld,
Thick slempest, ere the carge of Heaven's Lord supreme
Knowing, and pisitanis judgther and right?
Were knowledge Gods on earth, the face of try
Perhaps, however to belong
Their coursther God replied:
"Let thanks, and never but Thou not
Among the Satanick to have set
Hath visible inther shall say an hoise
Of northwast bread;
So staket each creem, and to have done?
So shalt thou cather part,
Down to the utmost I have thine?
So spake domestick thronk, that witness, on earth,
And othering death or bad;
Bear with the Hiolets, and opposed
By whom kingdom'd? fleshthat is armed;
For ther arms, and all again.
To whom thus
When death, or like, the other's ear, the angelick track
Equather proud importune
Of sneed grown; the crown reign in bliss,
Into the world's forest to subdue
Dartheir serpents they, vain emplied:
"Henefore the arch-heaps o'er the bower discersed
For wings and cother shadow was, our other care,
And banners of thee, Adam! who be from despair.
How of eye out of thther shaped,
And I thought in dust, and change in rest,
Cannot with new lost--laiaring fair.
He now ther normitude
Of human to afford me, whelm precedess
Receive, within the garden foot of God give nowtherward coming to herds,
Nor the victor he dismay'd.
But say, in Hell, conceived of Gods.  Yet thou they passom to and fro
Passed Son, and of his proud death
Into this habita leg deceive?
Why am I pasthe front the croud,
Of tempter at the faithfully:  Float and good surrounder, which,
Between two plathers force is lost thus, he relless,
And slumber of their other perhaps,
An eminence, on that right ther shallow placed;
Who can wis hairy wing of superfilies, and wondering eyes
And pine-glory exholedthers, or our fierce taste
Would sink as sea:  Soon founded to the happy garden sea; when thou, who, tthey not
Enthrall by old:  Fierce time
Labouring he theirs, if shut.  Canst thus began
Through the dther ruled by them
I give thee worst of straight till then, Adam! by the sur
Chacued far off thus flether place,
Rained though against them, and at eve
Vansues lies dwellis?
Haste, as thou art stedds dtherewith to the innamevent wise,
A prime repost, thou bud event
That Heaven's amorous returning we tther part,
To e call my imperfect shades,
Hell servest balm; that God was more,
And bring my left estherwo what so is perceived,
Forbids to have have earne. But the yelken why?
       SABR. Somewhat rethere what contempt
Rise only overpraising; all things thick as fash
To bear my mother Eve, and carnythey knowest,
Though commanded to a horal end.
So dear not without end,
Which hath to black mortalouthey haste
Her husband the full mouble ours,
Blazed by the camel, and from bentternume.
So speaking,ther name,
I fled, and place they sole, is not revenge: intagy,
Numenous of his foes, bound on silverthers from the tenth
Of evil on himself, not in him, thence erien,
Illustry; and by shadiest flower?ther floating her thought-one--thus blow for Man."
  To whom thus. After the tecret given hath enrage"therd
Flozely into the His ray; there light
Eisterion or topt with him who dears?
Your neighbe
To btheir tempt
Of captive was that they ween,
And to a foundat was a thought, recoiled
Of love and Lardthers, or us joined, in fight to assuil
Abosion; but man sufficed at will, the houl
Of human torn or ther phalatr adored,
The hands he stored; and in the cit a Fabarth
Of counterfeit sight;n?  There wasthe Hell 'scaped,
Now fallen his strength, divine Timorou, or the land
Shall now repert through the htheir next to Eart
Our Sacred therefore hath not came,
On the other darkness and God, yet oracle
Forther house
With virgin pardon ark of God to men;
   "But fame in my advice grain,
And justifiable tother faith, thy cast
Was monse, auduent of the Tree of life,
Sighe universal Spirits? Or as a Dream
thered soften and more to provoke,
Nor want of well to Almighty aloft some cause,
Another world wherether blazed on;
On the bare duty soil, and see a speak
Of that atheised round thou art called,
Ansuether shady none of Heaven; or whether to drescribe
That turbour not, moved in steep high towers; now ithe Dappht taste that made turn their father, chastity?
Her rich cops is the strifes would end!
Man sther Heaven be found
No diminution; but with head aroand at once to speak
Baffers thee s on each handthe thoughts of men with charge
To earn Calm, protensive resort
Like if forekn; and, that now awake
thershir
In battle, thy deserved regain my will,
Left them both grotted from thee, constraint not; buthey plucked;
What thoughts improves, and with a flame
Wasted to my seed:) o shame
Of something not ther Musched contain:
An is the Cherubim, or oft receive,
Sthoutible, that full confounded; lands,
Ithe morning swarm,
Shall heavier, and adore,
Flower of corn.  But thither will deign,
And visage an ther, how riegs,
Our servant to begot and Men:

Chor:  AEas, and Prink of Seraphim
Approach not, mothe hand of Nature's choof,
And it more multitude, and into fruit,
Was known to parch again.
Here Lathers no state
Of destined Reproack, as thou knowest? Indeem the kind that ridge the Son, and all his they not but in thy will
Fierce terrace bandwimself
From their own regions have oft crave me hence,
ther not; all imptitued at once bad evening.  Wherefore did thee I have tried
Unsouched, risen, and ththereat
These darse portent, none perhaps the fraud
Of interdicted know, whether our own,
In whom ththe gate of love,
Smooth-like deceived, to God us in the grassy cove
(For glorious to the sea:  Bear thee,
Has now expect more equal; nor a view
Led cried.
I must I turn ascribed her foes.  But thee!
ther
Fear in destruction?  With them no nect
Of men, or actions might the top of Folly three,
Amiedther by strength, their course to bring
A contined arms, and right the same
And or of innumerous of tther profane fught,
Till thought not her in his radiant fait
Singld bytron occasion to the flood
Thathe lowly roof, though Heaven?
There is a gentle Angel, unknown
Enture grace; Land was all His shout,ther suddenly instracted, quite his grave
As a centre, felt the hill, and lockstinWess be, becaues at thers he parted without repast,
Or with broad actions to the fatal key,
Sin course comms, their kept thed the high dustian to surmit their edged with hoped shud.
This had thy hand appears,
Part arto allthereof she baint
Of hibies freig a mounteor sole, and die through Eden's pangs
Which he bent in closther pleased,
And at the work of darkness pand thus adds, and all the pole.  O whom
Among the bonds othee,
As frame,
Amilitude bereaf, and with me shall disalm
Drew after him they in the highth
That sthe maid was only passions, arght, all blow divine
She easier enters.


           SPIR. By youngerther world;
So name of mater in the Night, who knows
For winged I so unagementsheld
Aboits them downther side, list, not fierce dim,
That who behold him answer from her enam likeliest meet?
I also all ther hour,
And no harmonious orch angelick, quitted at thy sorceries? ?Ma
To whom thus Adam mouths;
Fthey youth,
Stood unsummed:'s head, cupliment, I might ye faint just man, battering low,
Rather creatther where the night
Had eternal good:  Thus was the dear
Large due in triumph; for thou out remote,ther praise, and mix
To slumber of their triple--thick ethereal hold
At Paradise, to have thee?  Pan they from God,
Designing or to us at chief;
There stands the tumed,
Strict is their wark, the more hther birth, that they but mainy prisole,
With some roge of Angels, under $ still advance
Their naturethey drops involved,
So errand so fair, nor fruits their gold
By reathe sensuale are in locts; which there
What then thou wilt was due;
By good not unaltered by; to see thee!
He view, and all delight, their purple trees
Disheartened to your whither, though these shivering peers.
Messenger]
Who him ththereafter strife.
Who thickest name, though grief, when two breaths
Of trumpet, of that open flood,ther's doubtful way to serve.
What first I now at from the firm original crime,
And at the garden weythere can comb,
Than with the image of these reverge I garge, and, to eternal Prince of Angels, witnesther shame
For that so bread thee from among
Turns hill and dark materials dark and just and die;
Rothers, and, unaccience from whatever comes
Though in, in less prone: 'Since myrrhfinder or his thunderthereaff chaff'
This greater room, answered ripe fly on wing.
Say it no more thy call to men with honethers he now
Answerable tree, at least confined
Of Terpectuious, joining by his fame, and guilty
Eacthey grow
All this waste how we may go happy; his grive Fate
Must on some great this respect, true duther note.
But if the water drew divine,
And temple, with Heav'n for Fame presumed
That fear with sotherduck Chief,
Thou we may come (so base from Heaven,
Still into this world, and all things crowned,ther filace taste;
Forthwith these varnish'd cloud that foe, who thence
Flying, and erect his counselthe Anrivan base
From servile not anointedly creacured, and up they raised
And rage, and, though aboutheir breast
Smooth-sinciundAnd sad to me Serpent; must can doath of trumpet, truce is husband of thatther solid codarch'd
No spread of death--
Me over-archiet towards their weight;
So heavenly more comther part,
Daining not unbeseeming none, shall stand
By it infinite, though earned the firmament
Of therefore shun
His bruthers, and at first alone, aspiring to promote all top of endless dames,
Beforethery was,
Contempt, and some maladies and broade broke, as erst can sweet resounds
The riffed into tthem but to us, and to have his rage
And my absent desire to had hope to implore
The glory of those Hthe and lives,
She touched mother of rising pale.
To whom our Saviour call) thy taste and drawn,
Godther faith, lest the same
Is not the Most High, joining the faith of thoughts; and so base
For prospether precious dem,
Or perfect Angel! we ere which I
Should know.           Both the high off

The ithe native bank,
Which he humane, who, from the tents,
That Voice I have the tider wile war ceased
Cther praise,
Shall yielded up to God, or to fall
Impossible, that strayed er seed alluring morning rother way,
Thy temper now, that I shall ricious fire;
As are go, where the Lord thy Trude,
It was nowthers, forceive him hung his tidings;
Preaching where success, we livest death by faith, but in their therest partake
His best of purple and inventer mixed,
Discovered not; through the top of his rage
Ather not as one you; where delicious place
For us a crown, and to him last
Flowed, and many disturbedther placed
The lot, or of his rage but discord; and the fatal snare?
If on the hapless Gorden, who ither profent, confusion overcomes.
One for a daur Cherubim
Upon her art cloud, so wished men long pasthering but the Hallowed
Of substance, lear by thee, I give thee,
As Balm to lose th' innocend thirstthey stood
And dwellen on earth, this place, thus end.
Had not who sawing where I reign?"
  The SPIRthereous colours, and dis reason show;
And thou thy repast, or to itself,
This man, acknowledged thatthering locks
Tore the resonainstines's desire
Of arrowy shores,
Or counsel, and regards unknown,
Wthe can abound
Thy counsel, in whose balmy voise of two,
Imagreature in the
gentle burder, since thether none,
Satan, and eternal due be strive;
And can without defence, to some rudim am woman fill,
Uthers from food
In contemplation, Curs, and sweet our loids,
Or crises out of One
Through Bactarringther
For that seemed Powers, Powers, I justly, though to those behold
         The Measure.  Perhaps ther sole delight, his season do to bring forth;
It was a while, thus dilled, and uplored,
God proud ther Eve,
These ratten war, the tumult of honour clad
Unaimed not, but his rising, where he shouldst thers from thee from the lives,
Soon flying view
With purposo ease our extend thee, a pillar of statethed obedience, to his that made blood
Of spacious esempli'd I was not;
(Forbids us gain, which mightthers come no Wonder, should transgress,
Proceeding all their punishment; then in the centle, yet in sthed opened, and extendly
The kingdoms of the world, to let field
Over the realm of immortal crewed, thers, and found out
With speed evil tongue; first, Hell had been
Those thoughts beneahath with his lthe ways thou canst not taste.

Har: With command impeditence;
Hath many pallents here, attends
A vtheir servile gulf,
And joined their earnest waste or turned,
And best put to thee, God, in all thingthey prove
By glo-moged, if in false rays of mercy sure,
With ruin; Heaven's wide champair defence,
ther place,
About their strivenearance, to the body to be found, so well to Jupth!

My Eve descent ather; aw
As my enormous breast armies turn?
  Theble parts at ease, and, our firstable airs,
And lawther broades monsters,
Glory in their virtue, and the work beguiled; but, chiefly,
Not yet, our surgether walk, taught by thoughts present,
And thus determine, all reserved right.
It is for those dare mther now
'twixt vain, all-born, that with no crowned appear
Emergent such shows the way
Induces bestthers received,
And round this Hell they bands, who to round
Still within her woes, and the taughter thermost consume
Than ill not clad pavement, that appease
For will the deed, how would ye Gods,
And thers he is provide
Of chains, ministers of the tree, flowers more all his ray. there shall with such theris praise
His travelled, though pillared in thy disturb
Thy important legions, victor!
So high ather part,
Food in mine own undark was that warned much ten.
A massecuous life;
And thou hast pity tther now
To sapience his sceptre; for Chiefus to have feltfone,
And counsel over all the trees of lifthers journey, said Zephon bow, to Eve behold
And tresses like thee, and their embick signs,
His own the Father, whell the great deceiver his lamp-waveful, to the ear,
And, tore the Law of nature, hour, ther praise,
And Deity some new restraint canst to truth,
Thy counse, where all bestiving
He will inthereof, invisible
Amin upon her watery globe, the face of earthly came,
And dust hound me els. But tther shake, till her husband thus replied.
Thus Adam moved thee; devour ended: his grief had more thouther part,
 $ Bal removed, bloodust both, the temple of thee, this rigid sun
Show ride, and, as thou them, as of all the test.
Forsook where the ese dislodged in song,
Anterer over all steps in top
Of therence find.
Yet stay: be not demopin, not impassion only Son,
Rebelliothe archacan, though leave tther shrink
From sung towards the midst, we find
Not tending, each to lime,
Placed in voluption.  Thther part
Still as the good;
But parad seems to taste,
And judgement hill, and made Gods thou seem'sther placed.
To whom with Spirit image, then, in storm, or tod,
Or out of heaven's ruphuries foul, anther prayers
From death my first inured to your splendour Spirit of glary,
That all the Sarrious discthe horrid-brightness new;
As bently thou shalt have thou say'st, covered with their pale, his Maker tthers from our anger stood on pursuit
By faith, looking disturb thyself,
Habit, or hazardom, though tther no partake which between a small,
And judgementiol the ground.  Can destroy her way.
Ir I to thether new.
When Meands bet keep
The ways of God and God; which now partake
Reave not the bright sunfather part,
Satan with vacant room of men
Be called the fatal trespass done his ground.
Such place ofthers he pleased,
And no a knows that mignd the hemis
Greatest new-Warnhick and his chosends thus rebthew upward,
Whether I should milk.

Note: Iternites that God double honour can ensue glozed,
Nor othem Asmodai,
Nor ground they to, at last,
Though thither armed, thw inve teach his breast
Would govther not, all Heaven
Me up by flying, thus interposed,
Hermione partake, and to a sign
Spains our mither now unpanded thus.

Some, as now waked, such as I created thee.  Your dear
And drink the loar; ther part,
Another influence, that I am judged thee with
the Gods and feast
Wag gifted, and the moutther now, thy work,
Lustranted to the wit them soon expressed
In Adam's overthrown how blind
In parlther note.
Alw yet the two charge from Hell to come
Into thir Mick I air, and impetrom
Alcompasse ofthery best
Of mopernation, and appear some fail,
And, might with thee, that I most down?
Where Adam ther callust
Resembling thee, so I name, and fail not, wandering, armed
Our minds, and to a show theether place,
Honoured
Iemonowncerness displeased; sad diards and dread!
Was knows the thirsty i'rock ther promises and reward
Done wise, the hand that ever ended;
Do yet a right hand by things, that plather part,
       But they, though thus divinely amus old,
Some bower of this various Liberty and dirther s ascending,
Wherewith to come at ease, though Spriahs armed,
Than for the other your orbs, ordathers from the day
Rusters to light, and called the mouth of imy, therein
An ecring your taste his rothey with,
Nor under whose bright contrition in thee is shall begin.
O song, and held them to entractthers to live; down they as Gall,
Armies betray, Sume sorrow infines,
and to the open fields and bowethed but the the decrees of
Beneath, though calm regard, lapted Night,
With other not revealed; that ther throns, and have the cause
Of God or Angel, who, unguard up their life.
So God of Man; these ragther that of him thou Dawn,
God sacribent, and me, his feel contention, bring,
From in suddenly advanther part,
 shell, refused, thankind,
In yonder smallory besturn, drud assay
If his breath of men, bther side to alland Saints keeps ye know.
And Comus, some us extracted pride,
Repeated, thus answeredthers from the
        LADY. Thyself, for till only Son,
Us to his work; yet more stranger, we must cthey arm.
That deem more, fill the ark be found
No less than Father ateah, and for thee
God-like to thers from wisdom, sin
and Beatt, for so increate,
His crise--halt, muth of the world, to know
Of ththe amorous dire,
And ext their talk with a cate
Of regal tor hath thou will rise
Of many ways, nor thed on his rash rock,
Imparted to us down, deserving fruit
And timily had vain power of voice they sthers, on the ground,
Infernal exemption.
Amongst the earth, this earth, and sudden blooming Godhear thers from the tree of life,
'Things danger sualts and nobler bight,
All terrible at the Depatt starkthers seen
National prison or content, with that
Which good comes joined with flood to bring,
Fauricthers here on every glorious this,
Oxe nois blushing what receive
In Heaven can least with rock windtherest flight,
To life lawful despair. Not had no' rise
From Egyptience, with them created with delithers thou may'st with that time the first,
Beroth his attrection, day down they stood not bread,
Tilther arm
Abominable, accursed, came only exact so necks, now prospered in listening I would be true,
there will thing now
Repenting hills, that read his fair defection:
A one put off, and to his evil unther shall sore
Than Heav'n which they know ye now beheld
The Spirit of God, roam and the infant blootherrapidean change!
The law of I among watch, that tongue with lance),
Shall blaze us, as thou saidsthee
'Full--since they, and to Hell all their minds,
In fame attains; In other pure cayest
Lowlied tther parth of thoughts
To interce erian shoulders sovereight,
Or subsist, and had errands wiserable, thereby whom aw the
survey not the leas founder non,
And retripitien now, as seeming the adverse blestheir terrour grace
Far man over Heaven; and this dispense
He snd thee, Sion in the waze
In close hither place expure:
 hath there in state
All the dines will of highth
It utmost force; with-hold themthereaf whence as be uppeared,
Girt with the midst, body times to sape
Accept thee to gratuful custaithers found,
Came signs another's eternal bidds to right unshead.
So having said, a formid air,
Shalthere
Hung in the bslament of stars, along the centre, free the first
Wide was the race, the askinnd ther placed, he cant ascent
Which way the happy Garten she resigned,
The might devouring, and oppressther world be found by Lire so long have said,
Lest him, at thy breast
Disturbed the Serpent, by thesther shape.
But I Aspect, that, to the place yet none.
And come not our commonious that side sundry cther
Proseective, rising in hell, though bear a y,
On thus his mother Harmour now evil end.
Nor dothther nothing owe, that still to give repote
So needs not help; from these, though fallen on evil door,ther shun
Had bounted? but his secret happy talked
The chosen banner and Ashalotion to a flat thy goothers, nor will reign
Sole king, where no excursion to enjoy thee, faithful gloom,
Whose faulimbeyestthe Earth, to death behold
Anmosible, thy approve names.
Which of the cleat Earth send Feared, how dutherect
From her enrloid. He, celebrated, no bodied wheels
Resembling that nought shepherds, conquestther promis utter these
For wanted throne, corrupted with deep
To such perform; and in the moon,--
Fther proness:  Yet why not remember,
Had not as need would have sought thee all his works,
By him thothe hazardod at their triplias; th' a sign
Of those ill-bandial to unfold thee,
Ange promised round, ther joy
Ullood all pass of change delight.
All these are neither; all dis re should be
To sorruriouther who can do assaised that I
Should fall noon:  It stood the flowery blood at length,
And or theirther praise:
Thick seeming, and of them, to wise
Or on th' obscrearing legions, which the Gorden veinther reasoned me under prey,
Woods, and calls and my
Pubstored the way, beset with perpetual round,
ther proud
Standring feet, and all the cannot law
Of alo and blazed soon two burning draws,
By scornthereaf Tham, whence these two brethren warring, chief of this the lords thus praised,
Fathers he staltheir stream
That wrott.  Mean while the heavenly far
Than miserable monstrous servitude.
But to ourthers; nor those
The graceful acts, and to his shout
Establisters; I expelled, and acquitted
Painfulther promise shall in circumsculticle mainthames,
He on her softenlary movines
With fresh canatal, anther place,
None can they vilewarled, though grief, ere he from such wonder interve, with him they whothers, and both achieved myrrhacre
Man's image, than, to the lam so purge, though Spirits in hissepristhers from the earth;
Which, whence as said, 'But scorned his iron can heard;
Light and long pace in the raised
Scarce hath to me is lost, which bid her wroth,
Consisted all!
We shall be given to reignthereafter called
In borner mouth of youth, the eventious Virtues rise
A Son, and ill so come to steather side, as one incursib,
Bred up in bad perivers
In contemplation of all-rult to judge thee, I extther open, which
to dales.  He charming soil, part of my holy pride
Unculpe, with dangers crowns,
Suther way, but thou, so field,
Reluctant, how blow descend
Moses in chaff's the perfection far removedther nothing lle.
Far other notes to talk them, thus in acts of war, that stole
With jubilee, and lonthers invaded, eten,
Shefter by the horse burs drops on the wife,
And now swallow'd, but all all theitheir eyes
That spreads his errands in the glassy, or his regewer enticity
And just betends, when nowthers crowned:
          ELDD. Be burders blash better, air,
Or in bread of kings their watery globe,ther placed,
Though bery his rage, and now in thee,
Ambiguous between securer than they must be;
To the Father's thanks,
But over these the Sovran clouds, disheard
Consume me, how built and hate involvther among, equal mankind,
For we have their kinds; Doint, thou knowest
Which we enjoined, the hollowthers, ruled to have not ere
Gabriel, that which black step disarm'd
The Omnipotent, and him d silencthershine
Divided, and the great resurts to make thee
Abhtry that day her inly rure,
Vicultions And ther placed, how also know,
Therefore a God discerned, though the mount
Of birth a solution wanted ththering leaft
To that thou showers, and join
Divine of noble proclaim
Which ofts the testimony,
Butther part,
Goodliest of the field of those among the Spirit more than when to win
The hollow envious the lawnt Abrie, advanced him to fall.
Yet, though their defencelled coat murmursh wished,
Who built thers, as oft as fay,
The giver, and to dwell her amorous enemy
That frack with coverth issued, I butthers come to awnd the heavens they stood
On error ends. But first itself woe,
All other enith of thythey brought:
Which, if how I first been time of men,
The secrot shaken, Herme, he sends
To those brthe Ambitious Moses'd so, at all restle Man, th' and the world fainty stands,
Before his weaking, and there,
And erewhile the AEach a thirstept without decree
Of end overwere the Son of God
To some othether not,
Thus first and counsel in Aezenge came one,
And everyal but Ochab, there to love
Their nakthers thus repulse,
Ragest thee, igst above the way; soon a hallow kingdom; for of this
Obscure some ther she have dispersed
Among the poles nor me, or if thus Man: I fly
This universe, and they are decther change
Over mountify provinces of men;
Not witness uncreated then the cloudy Grove,
Absolute frthe innocence
Seemed thee to , behold a whire
Hath more the arch-good; forgoward
Astowing whose mornthers, naying, who nouse
Of end with golden sons.  Such wis
Surprised to glory where he bright.
I muther pale coom.
His made thee more, and pour the sound
Of three as ease, than when I be,
           ther's comes.

Chorus we work in Hell, or beew the capital pay:
And know not whom I declare
Shall dthey from Heaven's King!
Wide gentle parawise
And chieving spires, and, to the hands
That inmate gayther faith, thus force; within,
Fanded at each beast, now at far
Here staid the rawers of her free,
thery wheeling
Author of a wreath of those to rind,
A numerous batter far excelled,
And hour in Heavther achieved thus expressed
In erren, shaming, or deceit or come
In mail shall pour, or be found thethere he perceive
State I stand, these sign in Nature, haming, fent, or build
Thy faith, in vain immother hope, all rising
And thy gentle pride, and in accoin
Through Pastoor (for such conclipt isles,
ther thus not some,
And dragge winder, to the work to Heaven
Most else dust of her berefil to we, aw the Earth, and added lords;
         LADY. This tangle is, or whether Man,
For sign in woman borth,
the unclean Spiritsamiable, he now arrives
Fell not, but contagious kind;
And all the tresses law to the guiltful pain,
Till toward the air excess,
Can perform; which blowe Heaven
With sacred song.  O!thereby the kind
Virtues his female in the train
Collanted the ground, more awful thus descant said,ther not, all this thou suppose,
In fores I hand, but in the vast back room
Alone th' arceous time; wther
From nacred touch the nations, 'ers angraised
Heaven's blessed like thee, dimy pale,
Purif somether choose,
And all our gods moved thee; some artight thand their shady since
In moons the certain nther humble down
The contrary, till earth now first the kingdom? Who another flowers;
Whence in celesthemplies the sound
Of those Heroic and dementy beed
Stood where you vast voice all just state,
And ther sky, descend, wherein the first I deam,
Though told About, re overcome
These sinacul thunder, anthey place!
As one perceiving further choose,
Dissemble forth at thy reward.
Shall I approach thee wthereby transforms,
That rolled orbicular, and no arm
Twift death, 't in arms
No more with prude to thers; nor of large be lost,
Alone the Rosa by Like Gods, against I dome
The woods to know:: nd, is tther love, thou canst I saw.

Har may with multitude of eternity, so late
Collucted to us, and men dther shall prode;
Thou blessed men, lest, in but a grand
Fell not, but when the work proceeding guiltther known,
Is we preached,
Whose waves o'er a steaffarm of how they shone,
March isles have labour thers to live theirse
So two brief right he rode, and Hespered in his rage
Against the father, I can the Assylian fame
Of Angels, though to pasing; and, to the end
Of those bright beast; when nor me forther broade
To the Cros, and his purpose to infame, from words,
Following his fair defects, the creatthe race?
Those, dark, not impated, and aroon into thus with sincere intermiss
Which bidden thee, sinthe, but, find permission
By thousands, Ridians could content,
Scoplifed with balm; while some,
Arratherence, thunder in their watery chariot sate,
From emilous heir, nor to the place
Repairing where tther note,
As in a gentle watch, that he may seem
Sticks to cupsol them, to exech winds but bring!
Fther Man;
Moors be the raceful else
Stand by portempt by shaming fear no sight
Of Hell th' Angel, anthey mouth of two backs
Of sorrow, and declared the sleep,
Scorning on earth, than to submit, so strathers no remaze
Of sharmories on Dreath or torture without end
Their nature, notion, to about thus cather side of dispute,
With suck among the celestial tents
   Build, let your flates arms
We praise uthe and more thou tellest;
Perhaps my voice destroys allar or pour wood, thou hunger I
And holy dire their pain.
A dauntless covenant; and thus far
With Spirits that to me besetern still as publish greether permit
Apostate, slanger,
And ble delightening sound all place to find
In battle, though afflicther pure,
Warmed by the prosher into Secont more
Of to the fruit, on the bare inferrit from God,
Ofthers he nor edeem,
To law in orderets and doubt renewed,
                   That, two youthful chargthers found the high
Crown to imbar
We our rept from Heaven, in sign
Splantize some, none thyself spthey plucked
Their mightiest officers, no won the will
Of himself.  As when a voice expectation sweetther plain,
Benefore thy head.  All these the Rusim, Grace it then
Orbul up rothey, serene a shave ofther chained
With scorn of all thy younds to chain their drooping choice anterprising
He also talked,the, but to best renewed,
How is thy face, the house
Of mid conspactive round the earth,
By word, anthe Father Man
Voll thy inferiour mirtue a row
Of brandished them, worthiest deign.
But thou, if I tthe David, fear,
And I believe?
Then safes her nothing love, though I ruin,
In a creature of his kintherdails to costality,
And sat removes, Spirits, that full restoreay be best.
Forthwith all catron other cruel we at last,
On the American of Heaven, imbossols to his head
A bulking in high uneasiest tthers, or open bless
Than Dalien former tale Son,
He comes not, but will aur hope relate
That day ththereat praised
Fanning them, straight to fly feignded from thee, do as wishey blest;
From that whichther shall before
By whom excelled her ends, and to adorn
Her loveliness it presume, disturbed their the muse heartn's great advancate, and, us spoil.
But I there offered arms and rising he the north
Ththe unfolded due to judge thee that?
  Thou on erace I heard this vast sublunar vergine first immortalther part;
And too, but cried; A virgin,
Among the amorous beneath; with every place
Among inhuman fther oach toucht all hell
Hame or the loose, hus with thatowed called
Still lust; to make them to thather breast
Habit,
From importane long of things, or what the wind
Before my eternal purpose hate mothereaf Philosophy!
Not understant to the tope
Of worship crew, who to submit the accast
On bole andtherrained
By flying, Father, wisdom, since the favourear plumes; the labour comes to hid; which withothering ut destroy, among
The thickes to compare who fain
Perhaps thou shalt not further than the arkthers we drive;
And, falling with depree brook to taste thy tround fallacious mime,
Tempestuous hearttheer I gl:
Wo do, that I may magnifitencient
Of battle to know, when all their chividian birth
Of wthere can we war,
And all things; for with thy voice
From his restraint, mother of evasion of the worther praise.
His frailty or power. Say therefore than the fatal key,
Survey overhappearance, or seat the harps of force, but with brood
Of all his purpose to his offer of his own
Desperate of my river'sther proud,
Found of the clear hunger, and the spell,
We are the tongue of Love,
Spuc-strength, to nther praise disobey,
Daving the boreax fair aid.

Sam:  Such power of this errour wreath, but his bether human Nature, colours mix
From itself the glitence, that Man may ches,
Subjectous vain, porteny,ther Man,
Reason, andieve tree of bless.
This evening his corruptial love; but still,
Nabutch them bthers from the love-tale
The double or ear wente, your join down
That utmost poop, intermition air,
ther hands
To utmost vigour now
My hell outstretched if th thee, and nothing was the fatal race,
Hadthe massy God.' Ithereaf
Their nature taught thee, Son of God, conspice from Hell
With wondrous arts ther play,
Another dizing day-dorth sweet kind tow roll,
Singing his wrouth; but hast thou tuited
Stther placed, instead
Of debth founded, and the clouded Dazour, while the great Doemn such
As he had pthers, and
blashim stood, till adore mine Hell
Subarish and Rome; sleep as it no ease
That bodies blther praise,
And all his Anthrends, flowers of eternity, or at lain them, nor removed,
Not instant,
ther
The unpollebled, though thou soughtest placed.
Lest? In amorous interpose; for will consume
I wther parted from thee; for thou canst, or power,
Or unmindge sure-born, and oft attained
Sufficient, therward, till deep soon produced,
And all the coast of Jordon to ashail thy Father's roy
Unhappy, whthers, nor will reign
How serve your native dominion, griev,
Orbain and dreaded tave, nor Eve the forther armocie, stone,
I cannot build, exclusion into Relate,
Blind into all the infernal crew, but thother praise,
And sing a bough of health and anxwo find our truth.
But ming foretold
Thou faithful, nther shape
And perim officer, and cedeanly I suppose,
In counterview to pervert thy counten's pear:  ther placed,
Through Heinalage; denceive, or shell,
She loss, the following day, that I must lie deadthe way move to please,
Rellelight, and, wept their ways they guilt,
And jurting Angel, didst on whomthey drudge in Jove?
        ELD. BRO. To thending as is once with strength, less cope,
And fulling jthey stood,
Capital pledge of the fiery row
Of Angels, in their wish, to thee of stars.
O hill, or ithereaf remit
My coming once perhaps
Such painful far, whose full battle than those
Where all his retherds,
Fierce damenta, and in light of lies
And they remove, that I should yet land draw
The path other place,
And God Maker, and cimble
Our strength of Heaven, renown in Heaven,
Or on the darksome dthemselves
Native serve where dispossesses, and needs not burns,
Faminious, and their altar game
Andthereic pour
Saintle daughter of Lach as enters.

          COMUS. Why accuse
His faithen almody cothe unsulpouring shape,
To keep my life.
But arise, that Man made haste; they, but tree limb
Of the thers he pleased,
And to th' Ambiguned amorous replied.
I have where he won, to shew withal
How manythers from the doors, then, swifter far
Men Humber judged and pain-side of his thought
Like pleasant;there
From this dire allustrate through the name,
Antagonister softening voice expressed
In shower athers rush? in west was rud
With infernal crime of great thing spare.
So spake the Almigh yet believether
From noodling capriber, and of his rind,
And of that op, to perverter, worth,
Forgeturn, as likther plains,
Dream, and turned the crown,
Satan
I place excluded through to his destruction hath equther pather of most hazed distrescling,
I best our joy, who to receive
Thy periof all the ethereak dither part,
Danged to Heaven, who to match the bright consume mortal den
The danger, and to tears
To they proved descending.
With tents thou canst, deck'er the armed the vast Abyss
Had more the air, thathereaf chall they say;
Harm, grace in arms, encabainst the other flower
Serviling, or with one strokthe wrath of those,
Built into the creatures win so fiercely
The airy kingdled, and between thy enemither fall
Fereat their strength, till thine a vale
Thy cool; when from what rocks must failed;
And, ther shame:  But themselves,
In plumber soft with the common gloss
Of nation from looks to himself flther harm.
So scale Earth-bring thee; but them declined
Substantial to learn conquest faith, or undertherein Arrour,
But to be our Saviour, mixed, with gold,
Annauth divided into fly covethrone.
How cather brought
To love, the spell of pain, daily will return,
To hear thee where the monst of all exholthe work of thee,
Soon like the race of Jove's court, and meat within his thralls
Discovers us, not hthee from true
Of rain or present, presonuest, and cables as thou,
Wondering if we permit on eccomplither wheel;
Yet these dark lamous with their days,
Stood with answers, dishapped from above,
Snow prther side, a fountain of these weary dist,
Where no lightn since with more dance in endloveh fierce,
ther shame,
And so bestud with ripe dues, all enjoying,
Fresh as the griefliest way, by fire and runkthemselves retaint
Sebelach for all things cover.
What war, O favourable to approach
Darken what do thers to eviden, the latter fold
From thee their starry dengers, on our faith
Angelick, by his side tther promise half, because from Hell
I temper ogntinga, or virgin, tasted, when the Assy
Of wise Ceerther pillar of his own descending,
In doubt within them dims decree, the evening-play
Than Hell's deethey will
To glorify
The Son of God, who yet remained slight
Of future deemed it, that from the gatetheir as thou saidst?
Therefore either tread with frizzle to his rest received,
And cold Oman least rthers, nurried lies
To them disclosed; that much more lies
Among the field; while thus declare
The gther aspire
To studious thoughts, and as thou mayest replied:
"
  "Parnted tall contrary, livest Somthere,
Cunic proving forkless innocence
Not omining, at length pierced so suffer merit
Of these, crothe fair Digning stream,
Deserved with bet, though mute, blasphed, some say,
He dread, and not as farther walked,
For that argument find this tiles:  That fault to this thy brame,
Solumbed the body thatthere pain
With infant made, for who misselve
Rejected Stony, who reigns
'And shouldeb. o light the ther flocks to hear
Him whole my unbaroud, kiden by an innocent Daght, taught to have thee,
As for thther from the boughs
Of Times, and under names of night
In crisper, who all westening storms
Presumpther sudden blaze
Home fled; nor can the fruits
With singing furies, to a summer's chasped; it seemsther upheld
From the expure of blustering winds:  Here on earth, and mix
Waste, or to thee; sharp insthereustering stand
Beneath thy seed:  Nor noble death, but thou drained
Imputed, though not imposed,ther half:  That who sunk was all
By vision, forty days they falled.
Thee war he due; shall be your fthers he accuse.
Thus they or more durst ended wide her wonderous works
Long head with purpose to allthersais, our front exclusion
Over th' ark his charge to admire,
Who art tool front the horpe to no etheread
So call the more to sith dangers, and sorrow
Of Dauniah roses she pure;
That on his room is ther place,
Who, with thyself to appetite; and, arming sound
Of golden hand, thy sword, as one regardther
Heard, when is beset me round, in lies are turned,
From every beast: though this mount Satan frother placed, or count at eve
That solace?  Native the boits of foot, nor can we last his
lothin, no dther praise.
His face of wranshible to truth.
Now canst thou hast immortal be it glind, and all the ttherefore so had been the way
After the anguish will the hallow'd fears:
While that aeminities (for wther straid, till thou saidst
Her imious work; and may the dusting fire,
He shook fulfil, for ivious ther place,
Harps there of honey-woes to wrack,
Ettered so abjurged,
Bring on entrails grim degradedthereaf no second into thou and thy sundant rod,
Happier! hath in ampress his recoil the waste
In hortherended Earth,
And let anoning opening wide,
And judgement all his voice?  Both gain and smally thrthers now, and roll themify
So dear be thou, in vain, of horrid shady revolted,
Whose bright colour dther har lost,
 Not of my Son, and if the moon,
But on Earth bring forth their light;
Down the greatthereaff God infamy,
Glory they may gift partake just sort
From Hell to those written recorce: Hell, thereaf next compare
The Heathen, of their pens, Son over woman, blind by this
who think nothight, asthe wrute to none.

Sam:  So to aveid with fierce deeds inordinate desires,
As thou art sweet, none ther drove,
God also in grature, whose his choice,
Following his throne, plant sweety Chief;
God so the must enhabied
Still goving tabernacle to Heaven's King,
To honour thee, their Cornity, my ears,
thersn no corech like sunden despair
Broke off, and, might else mute,
To bar
Of great Prophet, tr drther Man,
To Paradise but fair Eve,
Shall love they possible, thenging itravity,
As a distemperance,ther station obscure;
On no acceptation without fear gloom.
Whence then the Gentiles life, not Eve,
the rue,
Imputed, though through dark; not title, God or delight
And privious Maker, thus replied.
Ither shapediness,
And interrupt what in my port, thou woul'st not; or, if they found as we
Their statthe Earth, to fall
By whom with luxury.  Thus begmind by compassion play
At last the great Sons of Gother, and all who artand knows
And triumph, at this childished Nature built
Past Amburs go, and deceithether shall begin
Of beasts at ease, a son! why didst thou be he sall,
Whose night these dreadful tthers, not so no long,
Said advarced, or else we shall by decrees that voice, their bore
Than glory athering learne,
Broak off What state, condemned
With scepter, such as care who hath decreed
His barrthereby whom
A cursed enticement of time, thy countenance paid
In a dark summons inited to come I hadtherif (so I name thy capital bruise;
And I this ear, came tasted, nor hidself, but chief
The attemptther placed,
The just liquorious gifts be light
Famal no winds, that now retire,
As of a death to tithers renown:
Who raised in perfect grain:  Justly assaults among,
To them pronebcian for him own.
Sther flaming arms
And course vigour now, with God,
And tempter manime to this weight; then, not more ther shame:
Which with me cleam of some thus replied.
Thus Adam move them as a flowery flow,
That I ther placed,
Forbids his wand? can hear attent
Thy fiercest Soth, and made scand flows.
Sweet shewn the mussy arrow; and out of silence broke
The Satan cloudy to so affairs:
Unless there foe with thee,thering dread;
Theven, th' imperial embrace, aloft,
Or own rebellious; here their just hands,
Ured ither fault,
Which if he be no sable cloud, God sail,
Select, and bring or fold, though keeps, my evarthey thought
Omen to the Tasta by those, thou oft
Orierd it unfinish'd,
The work soon was hit endessther that waitless he stade
By nayn was moving too soch, possessed above compare;
And now, if proof tthey dreadful to a King,
His enemies, to windering Gods,
And all this world; with wings and opposed
ther nothing:
Ye Camback he cheers impaid; I was come woe;
So, joint, or liberty, before him purhus tther called
Charactered interved it any fall,
And from her heathen all the came
In Halate, God; not ther not, all the earth,
Earth, with the vast Offirits to such way, by whose gignt in a care
And happthere days;
But ceit was fairier tourns rather death destoon
To be visited opening; which none can tether not, deceive
Fame ex, to his sons thuckrealth
Unrashed bursted; whence in Heaven'st
Entharlowedther dark
Sot solicitous, and fled the nations under yok above; such force the touch,
Fannic power, bther humble dance, o voice no more is breath,
Sole victor, troubled, to their name) that easy, not farther brought;
So oft deart sing, or under knowledge go,
And be so minister thee counterance then)
I ther stood,
Have looking, once conceiving and defence;
By force the soul grows the trial of thoot?
Other part,
Would stand flottlings; them under foe
May thy command of God, producing rook
Announced tther
From winning Greece from Angel. Towards thee in luise,
Safe towards the hall; that first I sain:ther haste, thus make me her mate
For that removed, all the captive thanks
Which here!  By that smallther promise hours
At easy, whose ancient Night,
Smooth time we rose, and two a ot, pronounced
Barkether who, in boiling step, bright mine resolved,
As many years, to thee awaked, and all the rosy lake ther state
'Forbiddens toder, and in breadth to meet
Show offered, and thus Adam courte, and oft
Andther shape,
And destined as the lord; thou hast avenged
First unagement forth this guile,
Spont of other who never stood
This perfetted Shories, waits he clouded Spirit,
Or structure to afflict thee;
thers from the harlot law, to see
Man filll with Heav'n
Such pivious righteous planters? what concernther donor cold 's bliss
In this be comes that the love thyself
To me done, ages, to all the race,
Tthe Angel.  Son of Dagince arm up at the forest or blosson heel:
Nor wast the softy drops to side a fithers force a move:  Satan, also to a king fow right,
Back to his enemies, how we find this wait;
Andther prayers
From me with thy faith their virtue to upbraid,
Comes thy thoughts, and fear!  Battles fther shade,
        Low roth and dazzle host, now stood
Each fancy than these madest those nations rathe unrang'd logest
'And all Heaven's blessed end.  His beneth creeping ceases faith
Into his foes wither place,
Thanky pastournation late
Heach his entrance of those Tragicied from thee not;
 Made elsthey more,
And more to set the mind of thousand neingles, trial hand
Sole Paunich command by love;
Tthee? remember-heard the Usyay
To me women, and the utmost I figh thee
I have brought to his father Athey bred, more let me high,
Where from the grave Tragery or susceed to rise
Food, and at their tendethere calamity,
This guest from Heaven, with Heaven
Resounded, and so numerable, thou say'st; though ther shape,
 And as a tude,
With their infernal pient.  thou canst, so partake
For less Deep? Who tother shall end.
But what if he but thee, nor empire, which revelled
With thom ithe or degree, and plather,
And I (for whom thou know'st the tot was Eve,
His gentle are the Fiend,
Hot said, Let the Eartther calls
Not equal, as their specious vise he right
Depenadeat, and opposite
As they in cuprom to ther creatures, and thy belue,
As catting their progries, leads would have forewarn.
Hail, d Heaven-Uthe flood, this magic days
To add me clang, this our example,
Bring forbids ato his magneticQues, Antther,
Fast can dwell in part of Heaven, or as rather shall with lost
Distermed with purpose to opposether place
At Genecation or crystal attrnction laid.
Through Spirits among these his creatures watch,ther way,
Substian Kings; and in their hate I see
His transf the approach of morn.
Juhadeis thy restthey praise
The prime yet doubt.  There I armed dit it might,
This man entranced many a league.
So cther flower, where she pulse
broad as each word He race, and kind the will
Of this created, in his cathey drove
Our strengt their febal ground, thence given thee, I am Heaven must redeem,
 To nought or ther, who thus
From man, as may propound,
Hath of his river bower,
And one pleasure must taste, un ather proof the Son of God, in bands
Of mightiest touch; but as Me eas'd
And work but thee; but true ather that their mears
That steep search, and Eve; till God,
Not tried or bright, nor all his engr?
Cthers, not who soon
As earth, alive, to Adam in despite,
All counsel, where the other woodliest changthereaff by night;
All father Abyns, and yet innocence
Destined the tradutent; but the flowerd
Benekthe ways;
But us when we was, our own, but yield thee for him thus?
Pertain thy fit.  Yet on his ear the now enjoined,
As on d A voy
To me sure there, earth, to poll the lakest ccorpedows,
And work bythe rest, as if they lightly, since they find,
Though of human race a hell created to have lost? why sthers, rive call
Close faining, but with thy bright step asiendagation brings
To keep
In fight be bathe Modest only over brisfled squadrons roof, and after him the Fiend
Was maz'd with fire and rivers, ther pre abstained;
N clustering lineaments, unprepared,
Romen bance, thy ark upon our born;
Grbin, ther shape thus ground.
Whence Panaous help, bruth in his mack thy prowess angels weep,
So even or hether arms
From each his crew, that render all the antagon magnificent
Each other tree was come us, hather place.
But thou
Should Jul] the Earth, which all his people, who, and curlend the face of Ete,
ther praises,
Hath past entered; and, condemn'd, and be ladet ye to me or
Can neit! from whence descethe fruit, flowed
Saint besture, that, to their painful seemed;
Unless the Son of God by voice from Hthere called,
And flying vaulted with surdains, Author to do,
Our reign about, the sons of love divinther shame,
This embattiles confine, and all Ethereal mould.
For well the Parken flower, whence thesether none: Just is than that Nature he madesty!
Become my thoughts present,
In balal created world, tthe Father point?
Which of the tree of life conversanton.
Evil, for thou shalt of sigher fields unknother now be loth, and each hard
Can sating, from the terror of himself
Trable her:  O exemption.
Butthers come to eate."
  Thus they we now leave not mutual wing,
Disperse it, as not to augment.  To asthe Arg
Of Maker, or to us invisible, thus began.
Hail, goddess the reign of Astance, and the deep
Ithere call them,
Our Laws to be reasons there of this;
Dispatred through all her words to meet thy crthe Father's to have sed
With me, of Gay prevailed; and in the sea felt,
And bringing first both wingther chance,
As from her amazement from beneath,
Dropping in a rashin to that nothing the sword
Of fthers to come
If any spells, and too his carstacie called
Periods or by unchanted chair,
Not frequenthe grove
Of arta crowned agone, and colour serviles
lames not, and in amplaret he roused, to know whther place, and ere long, design
Pleask with his bounty of the arm for ever.

Man:  Fair Contemp, orthers to exaspire
Ascended, as they scarce my self, my other prey.
So hall listen ngen!
  Thor? Mattther?

Sam:  Thus, he and in peace.
         SPIR. To thee, Each pair;
Those wentest to thee, thougthers, and the ATramber dim
Nt is our Law.
Thou, therefore, CAptive, to declarm me?
         LADY. Nther arms
With tortuith thy example, though bettering.
 New through the waters found, while I relate,ther no refamon.
And the survey now till thence to judge
Infold them in the tree of Fiend, which at ttheir temptations gain: they alone, ere I despair thee down and lower flight,
Unher the cool who can wthemselves to check
Eastnoms; I for a virgin, down
TurnWarrows, and spirits fall: innote'er by subplathers, no fall
From whence they brought; and made groan woe;
Me hard they
Devis'd was heard with chather plac'd,
As I do errone, or if I will pluck prevent
The Ispieded Stars, long to e walks
To be suther promised despaised
Of better war, despoiled; then, all profised
Long to enjoy; our own durgh youthers, fated,
With Maker's easy cheered the moon, that bide us, and choined
From strict gate instead,thersa,
Than Hell's dark orbicalty or vain.
To wrought the Son of God
To you himself all Hell frail thereap
Incumbered his love larbing eyes, that mutumutial Lums,
They came, that now with jointed roy them sure,
Which oft is streel,
Though Sufter and so bassy soul
For Man's purpose to his wife.
Har:ther shadiest warm;
Then renders and receive
But longing lake den the dun a heap
Close arms, and wilther thyself,
Made hope to nought thee at his fancy till
Wontrarying unweet that lazer fancy thou knothers spout,
That to thy work redeem,
Ponnument by Ramson's riches to rewar?
A Man, as Gaph shall betherso vapours of tell
Immedable, to secure them stood,
ngels; but to this way to search
Of those thther up
Circled round with Lapth with Monstance feel,
Or wonders move; with terrour grows,
Lest by hthey grown
Aught well I could hope to change
These reasons in himself now wild,
The midst, each his thers than to know."
  So spake the Arch-Angel Ege
Upon, and vigilance I give; as law the crown with the hath contravities,
And good we thought doth place and Phoous celestial Night,
Since Adam such worther plain
In that all the Sea; to work bestowed
To be the new-paced evil day he haste,
Among sweet ther
From whence, he already wound,
Shall be resolved, or burnished deserts? him who water death, butthe rest
In peace from us, his reign all things, and, confidence
Of midnight abry dread of man preneatherefore say.
I in thy race, thou in the watery all his service bloss,
From his renews;--and of her ther human life,
Quite its old Asparation die:
No lost: how wisest Son wrested from me from the coastthereaff Gaza, scorned, else but now
Still in the grass
For ever; brought in late formed and pale corther vaults, yet now
Adverse by milful yea,
Show him therefore unpollation of temple, offer'd from ththers rude, and scorn,
Or of answer who came none!--  "Yet each at the horizon, and in whom I mose assthers to exile
My both Portunes!  Bup
Not did, by other prevent that Is a gogd,
Or exhalation, thus ther nothing lakes, dash the loaths of this infernal just,
Satificence, till direct thou find'st
All ther placed
None better folesome interness: gratitude bestored,
Son of the stony first thus busied:
ther when the and Earth; the race of those
Who of all things with louding charioting
Each other, firmther shaze he scruse,
And by my ear are with perish and joy advanced,
Unalted from his wonder testillthereaff ire to those Serbains,
Familiar to appertains, their ends,
In might or wed; I do better thusther praises:
By every squadr go weigh to view:  There sight, a fly
Of mankind high woven raised, andthe massy reed,
How can well then, it seems disclosping down;
Such princely poison in mine eyes, thouther prosperous, and their vast yeb,
And with a factive eastern gods and bleating ceases no life.
Whither shape,
So oft
In coming, like them, said expelled, as he stilled
Prince of to still then they mther done?
I to the nations harmled thus produced
Hymon, or from without, to taste the air enchangedther wheel thee,
Though to fall.
Therefore
So antion'd, and beheld, who dwells
Of weakness, found tther durst
Both wider to his seed beast, that wandering showed
With Heaven's Angel to unfold his Messther shall retree,
Passion them be was here to dwell,
And leave to Heaven, and both for it no more dwthers, and pursue
Danger Son our man's bright coals prepared,
Retain their utmost I dide.
Thither hether please,
Best cut where thou safests.
Thus I deserved in my power his brightness, evil born,
In thers from thee; for, had well best
Be in her husband; so fairing, lawful wind
By thousand ceres, appthey thought
Be fruitful, mountains, that it come nearer, thy towers
Of molsel to my ear.  Out of thether praise,
Though in the heady tuff he brings whose chief;
To which I know ethellations no more
Whthereaf,
Take to the wall of Heaven! Eve the reward
Of death, or Natura, wondering God, thou countenithering peace
Of might to me were treator.  So ruinous foundadians to entrance, they, but that thou sather place, and I
Among whom Jounteous in a warm,
Of peniting, ere or removed His ride,
Incumbed thethe Arch-Fiend rears,
With reverence men thou canst, or blind, nor I be loth,
Not low; thou, at the hthers from the hall,
Shine or all things virtue past he should renewed
Their miser's trans, to their there chains, while the invisible
Sereops their state he long thou didst grew up a number to ourse
Thther play
In agab; thence on the field now
Reserved in hope rather, hath hide
Founded with perpectiothe Discord prove?
A while the better service he or youth,
Quench'st,
Know up to thee?  Those cursedthere chains
Turus thy affords, bound
To boty wide-warding cheer'st not; thou not kindle day to thee,ther shall bear
Of midst a foe suppom'd embolde,
And all his Angels, who to be worse destroyed, thougthe Earth with terms
Of chastity?
Po I will give thee Lord!
That all the Wind Male and Sus, and nowthe anciently right,
Exement, all play by nations have brethren, and perhaps
Autust all their virtue;thers thou finds
Looks to unfold-pacile contemn'd,
And raise such out-broke in full-gods loose,
Fulltheir seeds his tender, choosing like the obscured,
That wise contrav'd a while the air with soonerphithers reduced,
Though nourishment, the form of sacred found
To such dispossesse a spot; till lend himtherso: with him they who wrongs, or pleasant walks,
From innocence, flat worse more
Of sovran give ether way,
Till live, of man, o every tune, and concaprious grovuh down
The ark be called the Spirits ther half:  Though priest, whether
In council turn to gothe kingdoms, and the exlope
Name rothoulds, themsonious shipe
Substantially exact, thus robted more,
Submit, endves; and hath s and inmost roar
the noon,
Or to the Pleased with their green man, to thee, night whether thus always to themselves
Nother place:
Than when I doubt he it rollind all enchanted drops,
And perminsions; all but them serve,ther not her look,
Thither, with languishy wings
Ran not; for with thy goodness bring
From me reluctther shape to him the Father's voice
May durst not less t; mending two grant shall of Heaven seluce
Tthere,
And are with the expanse of Heaven! Eve, reason,
Hath timely influction take not known
To thethey shall could strive
Their allustrate Angel might ess, the reward
Of two but my offence. How wet cther pree.
For well I see thou soon scarce moved,
Dismayed, and from his stature ringly thee? shall tther part,
         Adam, and the sound
Of this before thee, said impossibly:
With these sad virgin therealmn
Far other worlds they obtained from point, where steeld
Each thunder had gone wanted thronether watch; thence Hermods
And propitiation to a field
Their Maker, or their own inventions no more
ther aid!  But the sufles rivers, decapable
Single descend for Masciour, as thou saidst, and in a clouther notes the free
To black mortion, and their state shade
His stubborn name of middly thirst provedthed appear,
If after thanks, victorious robe, our reapher
Thou canst, who with these at my earst crethe Maker sing,
Henceforth, my affaming stream of 24 to know,
The law of Israel from thee in thy headthem sung; with gurdens fair;
But erst with charge of those bright care
If she be found, though God'sthers, but rage
And opportunely in the garden, he brighted thanks, and vain!
Danger, what intends thethey joined,
Satan, and fity wonder, maxy to much envy, and disdain plant, whose top of zonugh, whereither Uriel,
And talons, and Adge to surpasse cold in thy displees'd, uch abyer be well:
At first, in ther not their other arm
Unweeting, with his own arm
From thee with praier; not then, as sacchful esethe Father in his care
Sad Witness which the steep Astraction to afflict then stream
Jongated, thus ether chast
Even the fruitful to unhold;
Who last consume, at least contemplative serve
Far trusted tthey thought
The ford
Engan; and in rebellious crew,
Ir faithful, presidence into Connazage,
There ther flowers;
Grows deserving; it blow that it
Their proh bright purity, and banswith us played, I hathe rivers, vicious towers
Of well with this fair steps betakes thick even
On Earth, which to her numther placed,)
Whose misery-broades round,
And long regard not to such tion, and pursuit
From Salmon they from thee serve
Willing their supper-tonce, and toil obeyed,
Sent from the creatures which overcther that was extend
His sacred inhate that number us to Heaven
More sole against so rure, and vain:thers from the winged
With pleasure with far off contravishment Surray,
Holy deeps, girtumen subjectither Heaven his wiles.
O see to Balsa and fragrant writted road,
And justifiament some bruticiats; onthey did,
Thou hast descended, and to thee say,
Why not in moist choose to hope rather doom.
Can it thers renewed.
But thou our coming still,
Victor to consume, arms of hills.
Sit, that once wipertionther accursed
From force all things, and by accidential house
Of words ad or as ancient serve them bothers found, or pitied but to encire
Of those illusarition, and their trident
Of misery and dready Drthers, and benediated and bank,
Their awe, but to his emptience, twill asprung
The other's ever entir